SENTINEL

Istanbul, Turkey is the only city in the world located on two continents
Every three days a human stomach gets a new lining
The three best-known western names in China: Jesus Christ, Richard	Nixon, and Elvis Presley
Mars is the home of Olympus Mons, the largest known volcano in our solar system
The Gastric Flu can cause projectile vomiting
The second best selling game of all time is Jenga. Jenga is a Swahili word, meaning "to build."
Cinderella is known as Rashin Coatie in Scotland, Zezolla in Italy, and Yeh-hsien in China
The name Wendy was made up for the book "Peter Pan."
The fur of the binturong, also known as the "Asian Bear Cat," smells like popcorn. The scent is believed to come from a gland located near the tail
Orcas (killer whales), when traveling in groups, breathe in unison
The Great Pyramids used to be as white as snow because they were encased in a bright limestone that has worn off over the years
NASCAR stands for National Association for Stock Car Auto Racing
A monkey was once tried and convicted for smoking a cigarette in South Bend, Indiana
In the U.S., over one million gallons of cosmetics, drinks, and lotions are sold that contain aloe in them per year
The Tonle Sap River in Cambodia flows north for almost half the year and then south for the rest of the year
Japanese research has concluded that moderate drinking can boost IQ levels
Baskin Robbins plain vanilla ice cream is the number one selling flavour and accounts for a quarter of their sales
Elizabeth Taylor has appeared on the cover of Life magazine more than anyone else
The typical lead pencil can draw a line that is thirty five miles long
The word "toy" comes from an old English word that means "tool."
Smokers are twice as likely to develop lower back pain than non-smokers
The reason why hair turns gray as we age is because the pigment cells in the hair follicle start to die, which is responsible for producing "melanin" which gives the hair colour
Most lipstick contains fish scales
The sentence "the quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog" uses every letter in the english language
The expression cooked "al dente" means "to the tooth." What this means is that the pasta should be somewhat firm, and offer some resistance to the tooth, but should also be tender
More people are killed by donkeys annually than are killed in plane crashes
The first couple to be shown on a sitcom sleeping in the same bed was "Mary Kay and Johnny."
Asthma affects one in fifteen children under the age of eighteen
Throughout the South, peanuts were known as "Monkey Nuts," and "Goober peas," before the civil war
The fear of peanut butter sticking to the roof of the mouth is called Arachibutyrophobia
Men in their early twenties shave an average of four times a week
Colour is not an indicator for the taste or ripeness in cranberries
A chicken with red earlobes will produce brown eggs, and a chicken with white earlobes will produce white eggs
Not all polar bears hibernate; only pregnant females polar bears do
There is a restaurant in Stockholm that only offers all-garlic products. They even have a garlic cheesecake
Serving ice cream on cherry pie was once illegal in Kansas
Five thousandths of a millimeter is the tolerance of accuracy at the LEGO mould factories
The Koala bear is not really a bear, but is really related to the kangaroo and the wombat.
Instead of a Birthday Cake, many Russian children are given a Birthday Pie
The word "comet" comes from the Greek word "kometes" meaning long hair and referring to the tail
The hydra, which is related to the jellyfish, can grow its body back in a couple of days if it is cut in half
Native Indians have been known to paint their doors blue, which they believe keeps the bad spirits out
Before air conditioning was invented, white cotton slipcovers were put on furniture to keep the air cool.
It would take about fourteen and half million notes of currency to build a mile high stack
Chinese Crested dogs can get acne
Colgate faced a big obstacle marketing toothpaste in Spanish speaking countries. Colgate translates into the command "go hang yourself."
The Flintstones cartoon was the first thirty-minute cartoon to be aired during prime time
The abbreviation Xmas for the word Christmas is of Greek origin. Since the word for Christ in the Greek language is Xristos, which starts with the letter "X," they started putting the X in place of Christ and came up with the short form for the word Christmas
Dipsomania refers to an insatiable craving for alcoholic beverages
China has more English speakers than the United States
Pitcher Darold Knowles once pitched all seven games of one World Series
The Ancient Greek women made a type of cheek blush by painting their cheeks with herbal pastes which was made out of crushed berries and seeds
The only South East Asian country that has never been colonized by a Western Power is Thailand
The nickname for a Japanese businessmen is "Salarymen."
Emus cannot walk backwards
The external tank on space shuttles is not painted. It is the only part of the shuttle that is lost after launch, so it is not necessary to worry about metal corrosion.
The most popular Twizzler candy flavour is strawberry
Infants spend more time dreaming than adults do
The famous Casanova (Giacomo Casanova) was a librarian for many years before he died
The only species of turtle that lives in the open ocean is the sea turtle
Toronto was the first city in the world with a computerized traffic signal system
Seniors who drink a cup of coffee before a memory test score higher than those who drink a cup of decaffeinated coffee
Venus is the only planet that rotates clockwise
Some octopuses have been known to eat their arms off when they are exposed to stressful situations
The skeleton of a spider is located on the outside of the body. The name for this is exoskelton
Incas used to create pots in the shape of peanuts that were highly prized
The letter J does not appear anywhere on the periodic table of the elements
The most dangerous job in the United States is that of a fisherman, followed by logging and then an airline pilot
The words "abstemioius," and "facetious" both have all the five vowels in them in order
French soldiers during World War I had the nickname "poilu" which translates to "hairy one."
People living on the east coast prefer creamy peanut butter, while people living on the west coast prefer chunky peanut butter
Some snails live on branches in trees
Tomato ketchup is a good conditioner for the hair. It also helps get the greenish tinge that some blonde haired people get after swimming in water with chlorine in it
During the First World War, cigarettes were handed out to soldiers along with their rations
The longest freshwater shoreline in the world is located in the state of Michigan
There are bananas called "Red banana" that are maroon to dark purple when ripe
Franklin Pierce was the first U.S. President to have a Christmas tree in the White House
Walt Disney had originally suggested using the name Mortimer Mouse instead of Mickey Mouse
The right lung of a human is larger than the left one. This is because of the space and placement of the heart
Native Americans used to use pumpkin seeds for medicine
The pound key (#) on the keyboard is called an octothorpe
Corals take a long time to grow. Some corals only grow one centimeter in one year
Walmart-mart sells more apparel a year than all the other competing department stores combined
Canada has more inland waters and lakes than any other country in the world
The word "lethologica" describes the state of not being able to remember the word you want
Women are twice as likely to be diagnosed with depression than men in the United States
In Belgium, there is a museum just for strawberries
The Simpsons is the longest running prime-time animated series on television history
The more a person struggles to get out of quicksand the faster they will sink. Staying still, and being calm will actually make the body float in the quicksand because the body is less dense than the quicksand is
On average, a Canadian girl owns seven Barbie dolls, whereas an American girl owns eight
A piece of French toast that was partially eaten by Justin Timberlake sold on eBay
The Olympic was the sister ship of the Titanic, and she provided twenty-five years of service
An average city dog lives approximately three years longer than an average country dog
Scatologists are experts who study feces. (aka. crap, dung, dookie, dumps, feces, excrement, etc.)
Pumpkins contain potassium and vitamin A
Pepsi got its name from the ingredient pepsin, which is said to aid in digestion, however, it is not known
Contrary to popular beliefs, chocolate does not cause acne
Detroit, Michigan has more registered bowlers than any other city in the USA
Rabbits can live up to ten years
Some Chinese chopsticks contain gold as on of their materials
Crayola is a French word that means "Oily chalk."
Isaac Newton used to be a member of parliament
Dumbest Dog: Afghan hound
At just four years old Mozart was able to learn a piece of music in half an hour
The honey badger can withstand hundreds of bee stings that would otherwise kill another animal
Black pepper is the most popular spice in the world
In Greece, the climate is so warm that many of the cinemas do not even have roofs
The word "moose" comes from the native Algonquian Indian word meaning "twig eater."
An armadillo can walk under water
There are over one hundred billion galaxies with each galaxy having billions of stars
The Uape Indians, who live in the Amazon, mix the ashes of their recently cremated relatives with alcohol, then all members of the family drink the mix with fond memories of the deceased
The word "diamond" comes from the Greek word "adamas," which means "unconquerable."
For the movie "Tootsie" actor Dustin Hoffman thought of the title. His mother used to call him that as a child
The Sears Tower consists of nine framed tubes, which connects nine skyscrapers as one building
The dot that appears over the letter "i" is called a tittle
The San Francisco Cable cars are the only mobile National Monuments
The Basenji dog is the only dog that is not able to bark
There is a dog museum in St. Louis, Missouri
The tip of a bullwhip moves so fast that it breaks the sound barrier. The crack of the whip is actually a tiny sonic boom.
There is a city called Smackover located in Arkansas
In Spain, it is common to pour chocolate milk or cafe au lait on cereal for breakfast
Eating dandelions can make you urinate more
The palms of your hands and the soles of your feet cannot tan, or grow hair
At the White House, president John Adams was said to be the first to display fireworks there
Sylvia Plath was a famous poet who killed herself at age thirty-one by sticking her head into a gas oven
A baseball will go farther in hot temperature than in cold temperature
A rabbit is not able to vomit
The aorta, which is largest artery located in the body, is about the diameter of a garden hose
The first American president to deliver a speech over the radio was Warren G. Harding
The purpose of tonsils is to destroy foreign substances that are swallowed or breathed in
One of the most dangerous insect in the world is the common housefly. They carry and transmit more diseases than any other animal in the world
The only popcorn museum in the world is lcoated in Marion, Ohio, USA
Any animal that has skin hair or fur can get dandruff, but in animals it is called "dander."
Jewelers Tiffany & Co., based in New York, are responsible for making the Super Bowl trophy
Skippy Peanut Butter is sold more in the world than any other peanut butter
Apples are part of the rose family
Every eleven minutes in the U.S., a woman dies of breast cancer
Mr. Butts invented the game SCRABBLE. The game was originally called "Criss Cross Words."
Enamel is hardest substance in the human body
Thomas Edison designed a helicopter that would work with gunpowder. It ended up blowing up and also blew up his factory.
Leonardo Da Vinci invented the scissors
Clarence Crane the inventor of "Crane's Peppermint Life Savers" sold his rights to the popular candy for less than three thousand dollars.
In Ivrea, Italy, thousands of citizens celebrate the beginning of Lent by throwing oranges at one another
The sloth moves so slowly that green algae grows in the grooves of their hair
In the world, the United States and France have the most pet dogs. Approximately one out of every three families has a pet dog. Switzerland and Germany are the lowest only having one dog per every ten families
Armadillos breed in July, but get pregnant in November after delaying implantation. This allows the young to be born during the spring when there is an abundance of food
The wheelbarrow was invented by the Chinese.
The colour blue has a calming effect. It causes the brain to release calming hormones
Crabs have very small hairs on their claws and other parts of their body to help detect water currents and vibrations
Duracell, the battery-maker, built parts of its new international headquarters using materials from its own waste
Vampire bat saliva has been responsible for many advances in research into stroke recovery
During the making of the the movie "Fight Club," actor Brad Pitt chipped his tooth. However, he did not get his tooth capped until after the movie was done filming as he thought it would look better chipped for his character
Clans of long ago that wanted to get rid of their unwanted peoplewithout killing them used to burn their houses down - hence theexpression "toget fired."
In ancient Rome, it was considered a sign of leadership to be born with a crooked nose
The word "checkmate" in chess comes from the Persian phrase "Shah-Mat," which means the king is dead
A common drink for Tibetans is Butter Tea which is made out of butter, salt, and brick tea
The game Monopoly was once very popular in Cuba; however, Fidel Castro ordered that all games be destroyed
Nearly half of all Americans suffer from symptoms of burnout
During the era of Louis XIV, women used lemons to redden their lips
The highest consumption of Pizza occurs during Super Bowl week
During World War II, condoms were used to cover rifle barrels from being damaged by salt water as the soldiers swam to shore
The Roman emperor Domitian took great pleasure in being secluded in his room for hours and catching flies and stabbing them with pens
More than half the time spent in United States courts is cases that involve automobiles
The smoke that is produced by a fire kills more people than a burn does because of carbon monoxide and other dangerous gases
The word Nike comes from Greek Mythology. Nike is the goddess of victory and was often depicted as a small winged figure whom the goddess Athene carried
Leaving the water running while brushing your teeth can waste four gallons of water in a minute
There was once a country called Prussia. After World War II, it was divided among Poland, Germany, and the USSR
The word Spain means "the land of rabbits."
The word tulip comes from the Turkish word for turban
Psychokinesis refers to the ability of moving objects through psychic power
The fat that comes from sheep, which is called tallow, can also be used to produce soap and candles
In Britain, one out of every four potatoes is eaten in the form of french fries
In the movie Psycho by Alfred Hitchcock, chocolate syrup was used for blood in the shower scene
During WWII, because a lot of players were called to duty, the Pittsburgh Steelers and Philadelphia Eagles combined to become The Steagles
The titan arum flower is the largest flower in the world and gives off a horrible odor that smells like rotting flesh when it blooms
Every day, the average person swallows about a quart of snot
When the only queen ant dies, so does the entire colony, because no new workers are born
The Dutch people are known to be the tallest people in Europe
Goats do not have upper front teeth
It has been suggested that shepherds are responsible for inventing the game golf. It is said that they used to use their staffs to hit the stones
Studies have shown that by putting on slow background music it can make a person eat food at a slower rate
Octopus and squid are thought to be the most intelligent of all invertebrates
On average, a beaver can cut down two hundred trees a year.
The name of the first menthol cigarette in the United States was "Spud."
The fastest shark is the "Shortfin Mako," which can swim as fast as sixty miles per hour
The first tattoo machine was invented by Samuel O'Reilly. He did this by using equipment that Thomas Edison used to engrave hard surfaces.
A slug has four noses
The sea cucumber spills its internal organs out as a defense mechanism
Marilyn Monroe had six toes
The name of the famous snack "Twinkies" was invented by seeing a billboard in St. Louis, that said "Twinkle Toe Shoes."
The word "Nazi" is actually an abbreviation for Nationalsozialistische Deutsche Arbeiterpartei, which refers to the National Socialist German Workers Party
The unique characteristics of Barbie dolls in Japan are that they have their lips closed with no teeth showing
Neptune was the first planet in our solar system to be discovered by mathematics
Five percent of the people who use personal ads for dating are already married
Camel is considered unclean meat in the Bible
Soldier Field is the oldest field in the NFL
In the U.S., over one million gallons of cosmetics, drinks, and lotions are sold that contain aloe in them per year
The name Jeep came from the abbreviation used in the army for the"General Purpose" vehicle, G.P.
Eating eight strawberries will provide you with more Vitamin C than an orange
The first toilet ever seen on television was on "Leave It To Beaver".
Mosquitoes have teeth
To be born on Sunday was considered a sign of great sin during the Puritan times
The average four year-old child asks over four hundred questions a day
Prosopagnosia refers to the inability to identify people by their faces. In severe cased prosopagnosia a person may not be able to identify themselves in a mirror
Blood is such a good stain that Native Americans used it for paint
"I am." is the second shortest complete sentence in the English language
On average, a person will spend about five years eating during their lifetime
Each king in a deck of playing cards represents a great king from history. Spades - King David, Clubs - Alexander the Great, Hearts - Charlemagne, Diamonds - Julius Caesar
Many cancer patients that are treated with chemotherapy lose their hair. For some when the hair grows back, it can grow back a different colour, or be curly or straight
Panthers are known as black leopards, as they are the same species of leopard. If looked at closely, black spots can be seen on a panther
Tomatoes and cucumbers are fruits
Dolphins hear by having sound waves transmit through their skull to their inner ear region
The risk of cardiovascular disease is twice as high in women that snore regularly compared to women who do not snore. updated
The White House has a movie theater, swimming pool, bowling lane, jogging track, and a tennis court
About two hundred years before the birth of Christ, the Druids used mistletoe to celebrate that winter was approaching
Cats have over one hundred vocal sounds, dogs only have about ten
A butterfly can see the colors red, green, and yellow
In the game of Monopoly, the most landed on properties are B&O Railroad, Illinois Avenue, and "Go."
The airplane Buddy Holly died in was the "American Pie." (Thus the nameof the Don McLean song.)
Lions cannot roar until they reach the age of two.
A baby kangaroo is called a joey
Montreal is the second largest French speaking city after Paris
In Albania, nodding your head means "no" and shaking your head means "yes."
Ringo Starr appeared in a Japanese advertisement for apple sauce. Ironically his name means "apple sauce" in Japanese
There is cyanide in apple pips
True spiders always have organs for spinning silk known as spinnerets
Great Britain has the highest consumption of ice cream than any other European nation
Every continent has a city called Rome
A species of dolphin is born naturally blind in the Indus and Ganges rivers in South Asia. These dolphins have a highly sophisticated sonar system and swim on only one side of their body
Kermit the Frog was named after Kermit Scott, a childhood friend of creator Jim Henson, who became a professor of philosophy at Purdue University
Weatherman Willard Scott was the first Ronald McDonald
Aztec emperor Montezuma had a nephew, Cuitlahac, whose name meant "plenty of excrement."
Hang On Sloopy is the official rock song of Ohio.
Actor Sylvester Stallone once had a job as a lion cage cleaner
An oyster can change its gender
From all the states, Montana has the most different species of animals
Queen Elizabeth I always wore a necklace with a little perfume bottle attached everywhere she went
A group of people that are hired to clap at a performance are called a claque
Polar bear livers contain so much Vitamin A that it can be fatal if eaten by a human
Leather skin does not have any smell. The leather smell that you sense is actually derived from the materials used in the tanning process
In Las Vegas, casinos do not have any clocks
Bubble gum contains rubber
Humans and dolphins are the only species that have sex for pleasure
Babies that are exposed to cats and dogs in their first year of life have a lower chance of developing allergies when they grow older
Urophobia is the fear of urine or urinating
Water that is safe to drink is referred to as POTABLE
Actor John Ritter was the voice of Clifford, from "Clifford The Big Red Dog."
Chocolate accounts for less than two percent of the fat in the American diet
The accent that Mike Myers used for the character Shrek came from the accent that his mother would use when she was telling him bedtime stories when he was a child
It was believed by Ancient Hindus that the world was a sphere and rested on the back of four elephants, which stood on a turtle
Alexander the Great and Julius Caesar were both epileptic
Every year, more than one million miles of Twizzlers licorice is made
The word Thailand means "land of the free."
A rose imprint that was fossilized in a slate was discovered in Florisant, Colorado, which is said to be thirty-five million years old
The Barn Owls hearing is so highly developed that they can hunt for their prey in total darkness
The average number of bridesmaids at a wedding is four
The temperature of lightning bolts is sometimes hotter than the surface of the sun.
The favorite honeymoon place is Hawaii
The Canadian holiday Boxing Day got its name from the custom of giving. Servants were given boxes which had money hidden inside them from their employers. The servants would have to break the box into pieces to get the money
In proportion, if Jupiter were a basketball, then the sun would be the size of the Louisiana Super Dome
The Toronto Maple Leafs used to be called the Toronto Arenas, then the St. Patricks and finally the Maple Leafs
Next to Warsaw, Chicago has the largest Polish population in the world
In the United States, the most frequent month for a tornado to occur is in May.
The reason why flamingos are pink is because they eat shrimp which have a red pigment
Totally Hair Barbie is the best selling Barbie of all time. It sold over ten million units
Although white wine can be produced from both red and white grapes, red wine can only be created from red grapes
Shirley Temple was considered to play the role of Dorothy in "The Wizard of Oz."
Babies that wear disposable diapers are five times more likely to get a diaper rash than babies wearing a cotton diaper
One million cloud droplets are needed to make enough water to produce one raindrop.
Rice flour was used to strengthen some of the bricks that make up the Great Wall of China
Research has indicated that a tie that is on too tight can increase the risk of glaucoma in men
Charlie Chaplin once lost a contest for a Charlie Chaplin look a like
Pluto is the only planet in our solar system that has not been visited by a spacecraft
The markings that are found on dice are called "pips."
A newly hatched fish is called a "fry."
The YKK on the zipper of your Levis stands for Yoshida Kogyo Kabushibibaisha, the worlds largest zipper manufacturer
Armadillos can be housebroken
The Eisenhower interstate system requires that one-mile in every five must be straight. These straight sections are usable as airstrips in times of war or other emergencies
Medical research has found substances in mistletoe that can slow down tumor growth
In Alabama, it is against the law to wear a fake mustache that could cause laughter in the church
Bill Gates house was partially designed using a Macintosh computer. new
The male howler monkey of Central and South America is the noisiest land animal, which can be heard clearly from a distance of ten miles away
An average adult produces about half a litre of flatulent gas per day, resulting in an average of about fourteen occurrences of flatulence a day
Maine is the toothpick capital of the world
Peanut butter is an effective way to to remove chewing gum from hair or clothes
In Australia, a dust-devil is called a "willy-willy
The name "Snickers" for the popular candy bar was named after a horse that the Mars family owned
Keeping Warm With an Axe, is the title of a real how-to book. Click Here For More Details
An artificial Christmas tree last up to six years in a home
Women are four times more likely to have foot problems than men
There was an army general during the Liberia Civil War who used to lead his army into battle naked. His nickname was "General Butt Naked." Joshua Milton Blahyi (his real name) is now an evangelical preacher in Monrovia
There are no two zebras who have stripes that are exactly the same
The Angel Falls in Venezuela were named after an American pilot, Jimmy Angel, whose plane got stuck on top of the mountain while searching for gold
Lake Ontario was originally named Lake St. Louis
Actor John Travolta was offered the role of Billy Flynn many times for the movie "Chicago." Richard Gere ended up playing the role
Ninety-nine percent of pumpkins sold in the United States are for the sole purpose of decoration
Americans did not commonly use forks until after the Civil War
There was a post office on the Russian space station Mir. Visiting cosmonauts would use unique postal "markers" to stamp envelopes and other items as having flown aboard the Mir space station
The dumbest dog in the world is the Afghan Hounds
There are no blossoms on the branches of a fig tree, instead it is inside the fruit
The largest chicken egg ever laid weighed a pound and had a double yolk and shell
Billiards used to be so popular at one time that cigarette cards were issued featuring players
Chewing gum has rubber as an ingredient
Alexander the Great was an epileptic
Wood frogs can be frozen solid and then thawed, and continue living. They use the glucose in their body to protect their vital organs while they are in a frozen state
Canadians eat more Kraft Dinner (Macaroni and Cheese) per capita than any other country in the world
The reason why bubble gum is pink is because the inventor only had pink colouring left. Ever since then, the colour of bubble gum has been predominantly pink
Research on pigs led to the development of CAT scans.
Avery Laser Labels are named after company founder R. Stanton Avery
The highest point in Pennsylvania is lower than the lowest point in Colorado
The human heart can create enough pressure that it could squirt blood at a distance of thirty feet
One out of four American households own a cat
Queen Lydia Liliuokalani was the last reigning monarch of the Hawaiian Islands. She was also the only Queen the United States ever had
The quills of a porcupine are soft when they are born
People have the tendency to chew the food on the side that they most often use their hand
Antarctica is the only land on our planet that is not owned by any country
Iceland consumes more Coca-Cola per capita than any other nation
Dexter is the smallest type of cow. This cow was bred to be a small size for household living
The first domain name ever registered was Symbolics.com
The most frequent season for most suicides to occur is in the spring. The winter months have the lowest number of suicides
A seven year old boy was the first person to survive the Horeshoe Falls (Niagara Falls) in just a life jacket
The most popular Hot Wheels vehicle sold is the Corvette
A giraffe is able to clean its ears with its own tongue
The slowest growing finger nail is on the thumb nail and the fastest growing is the finger nail on the middle finger
People of Salt Lake City eat the most lime-flavoured gelatin Jell-O in the United States
On average, a person has two million sweat glands
The longer white infants from low-income families are breast-fed, the less likely they will be overweight as young children, researchers said on Monday
The Boston University Bridge (on Commonwealth Avenue, Boston, Massachusetts) is one of the few places in the world where a boat can sail under a train driving under a car driving under an airplane
The most popular treat for Halloween trick-or-treaters are candy bars with Snickers being the most popular
Corned beef got its name because this beef was preserved with pellets of salt that were the size of corn kernels, which was also referred to as "corns" of salt
The most diners per capita in the world are located in the U.S. state New Jersey
John Van Wormer invented paper milk cartons after dropping a bottle of milk one morning. The bottle broke spilling the milk everywhere. That annoyance was enough for Van Wormer to come up with the idea.
Honolulu, Hawaii boasts the only royal palace in the United States of America
The reason firehouses have circular stairways is from the days of yorewhen the engines were pulled by horses. The horses were stabled on theground floor and figured out how to walk up straight staircases.
The cigarette lighter was invented before the match.
It would take approximately twenty-four trees that are on average six to eight inches in diameter to produce one ton of newsprint for the Sunday edition of the New York Times
Every year, kids in North America spend close to half a billion dollars on chewing gum
The tuatara lizard of New Zealand has three eyes, two in the center of its head and one on the top of its head
The world population of chickens is about equal to the number of people
The loss of eyelashes is referred to as madarosis
Every photograph of the first American atomic bomb detonation was taken by Harold Edgerton
Actor Sylvester Stallone once had a job as a lion cage cleaner
In the marriage ceremony of the Ancient Inca Indians of Peru, the couple was considered officially wed when they took off their sandals and handed them to each other
Maine is the only state whose name is just one syllable
Some birds have been know to put ants into their feathers because the ants squirt formic acid, which kills parasites
Lachanophobia is the fear of vegetables
Lake Baikal, in Siberia, is the deepest lake in the world
In the Middle Ages, peacocks and swans were sometimes served at Christmas dinners
India has the most post offices in the world
Women take three times longer than men when using the toilet
Canada has more donut shops per capita than the United States
"Kemo Sabe" means "soggy shrub" in Navajo
Men are able to read fine print better than women can
Spiders usually have eight eyes, but still they cannot see that well
One ragweed plant can release as many as a million grains of pollen in one day
Women hearts beat faster than men
Due to the shortages of lead and metals during World War II, toothpaste was packaged in plastic tubes and have been ever since
A group of crows is called a murder
Davao City, located at the Southern state of Philippines, is the largest city in the world in terms of area
Castaways Travel, a Houston-area travel agency, offers an all-nude flight to Cancun Mexico. Once the plane reaches cruising altitude, you are allowed to take off all your clothes and roam about the cabin
Certain female species of spiders such as the Australian crab spider, sacrifice their bodies as a food source for their offspring
The names of the two stone lions in front of the New York Public Library are Patience and Fortitude. They were named by then-mayor Fiorello LaGuardia
The Hubble telescope is so powerful that it is like pointing a beam of light at a dime that is two hundred miles away.
The word "umbrella" is derived from the Latin root word "umbra", which means shade or shadow
Leonardo Da Vinci never signed or dated his most famous painting, the Mona Lisa
On average people fear spiders more than they do death
Every day, over five billion gallons of water are flushed down toilets in the United States
Barney, the famous dinosaur that entertains kids is from Dallas
Jupiter is the fastest rotating planet, which can complete one revolution in less than ten hours
A chicken loses its feathers when it becomes stressed
Nutmeg is extremely poisonous if injected intravenously
Sharks are immune to cancer
The study of the iris of the eye is called iridology
The word Cotton originates from the Arabic word "Qutun."
Mummy powder was once thought to be a cure for all remedies. English men used to carry the powder with them in a tiny bag wherever they went
Slinkys were invented by an airplane mechanic; he was playing with engine parts and realized the possible secondary use of one of the springs
The most popular brand of raisins is Sunmaid
Alaska got its name from the Aluet word "Alyeska" which means "The Great Land."
The word witch comes from the word "wicca" which translates to the "wise one."
In the United States, poisoning is the fourth leading cause of death among children
Surveys indicate that the number one reason people play BINGO is for leisure
Nazi leader Adolf Hitler had only one testicle
It's possible to lead a cow upstairs...but not downstairs.
The reason firehouses have circular stairways is from the days when the engines were pulled by horses. The horses were stabled on the ground floor and figured out how to walk up straight staircases
Thomas Edison was afraid of the dark. (Hence, the light bulb?)
The name of the character that is behind bars in the Monopoly board game is Jake the Jailbird
Just by recycling one aluminum can, enough energy would be saved to have a TV run for three hours.
The first telephone call from the White House was from Rutherford Hayes to Alexander Graham Bell
Turtles can breathe through their butts
A pregnant goldfish is called a twit
The name Wendy was made up for the book "Peter Pan."
A glockenspiel is a musical instrument that is like a xylophone. It has a series of metal bars and is played with two hammers
Teenage suicide is the second cause of death in the state of Wisconsin
French artist, Michel Vienkot, uses cow dung as paint when he creates his pictures
Canada is an Indian word meaning "village" or "settlement."
The fastest growing tissue in the human body is hair
Asparagus comes in three colors: green, white and purple
Pancakes are served for breakfast, lunch and dinner in Australia
A lion feeds once every three to four days
A honey bee has four wings
Chedder cheese is the best selling cheese in the USA
First novel ever written on a typewriter: Tom Sawyer
Because metal was scarce; the Oscars given out during World War II were made of plaster
The head of a jellyfish is called the "Bell."
On average, the American household consumes six pounds of peanut butter annually
A housefly can only ingest liquid material. They regurgitate their food to liquify the food that they are going to eat
Bugs Bunny was originally called "Happy Rabbit."
Sharks have upper and lower eyelids, but they do not blink
O.J. Simpson had a severe case of rickets and wore leg braces when he was a child
The majority of cats do not have any eyelashes
Reindeer like to eat bananas
A barnacle has the largest penis of any other animal in relation to its size
The hottest chili in the world is the Tezpur chili pepper
Over half the textile fibers that are used in the world are cotton
You can send a postcard from Hell. There is a small town located in the Cayman Islands called "Hell." They even have a post office
The name Wendy was made up for the book "Peter Pan."
Another word for hiccups is "singultus."
Better wine can be produced by the soil being of poor quality. This is because the vines have to "work" harder
A white tiger can only be born when both parents carry the gene for white colouring
Lipogram refers to writing that does not have certain letter or letters
Edinburgh has more booksellers per head of population than any other city in Britain
The most common rock on Earth is basalt
The papaya tree is known as "the medicinal tree" in some cultures because it?s seeds and leaves have been used as ingredients in different medicines
In one gram of soil, about ten million bacteria live in it
Dolphins sleep with one eye open
Minnows have teeth located on a bone in their throat
Japan uses the most energy per year than any other country.
Approximately two gallons of water are used to brush your teeth
Two-thirds of Canadians live in Quebec and Ontario
The first television show to show any portion of a toilet was on "Leave it to Beaver." After fighting for ten weeks to show the toilet, CBS would only allow the producers to show the toilet tank, and not the whole toilet
Texas is the only state that is allowed to fly its flag at the same height as the U.S. flag
German immigrant, Louis Prang was the first to bring Christmas cards to America
Ninety percent of the population has an innie belly button
The fear of Halloween is called Samhainophobia
In France, the Big Dipper is called the "casserole."
Dolphins can swim and sleep at the same time
Research indicates that babies who suck on pacifiers are more prone to ear aches
Iguanas can recognize their human handlers and greet them differently, compared with strangers
Being lactose intolerant can cause chronic flatulence
Some of the titles that were considered for the hit T.V. show "Friends" were Six Of One, Across the Hall, and Insomnia Cafe
The only bone fully grown at birth is located in the ear
"dous":tremendous, horrendous, stupendous, and hazardous
Bananas contain a natural chemical which can make a person happy. This same chemical is found in Prozac
The only desert in Canada is located in Osoyoos, British Columbia
Romans used to believe that walnuts could cure head ailments during the Renaissance, since their shape was similar to that of a brain
There are coffee flavored PEZ
The word "limelight" that is used in theatre to refer to the performers on the stage originated because before electricity was available lime was burned in a lamp, which created a white light that was directed at the performers
Many hamsters only blink one eye at a time
In Kentucky, it is illegal to carry ice cream in your back pocket
Sports Illustrated has the largest sports magazine circulation
There are some hospitals in Shanghai that have issued a rule that a nurse must wear lipstick while on duty
Thirteen percent of the human population reside in deserts
There are more chickens than people in the world
Annually, fires that occur at home kill more Americans than all natural disasters combined
The only sound Seahorses make is a small clicking or popping sound during feeding or courtship
Border collies are the most intelligent breed of dog
Coca-Cola used to contain cocaine when it was initially introduced
Pepsi originally contained pepsin, (the same stuff in pepcid AC) thus the name
The first letter Vanna White ever turned on the game show Wheel of Fortune was the letter "T."
The longest one-syllable word in the English language is "screeched."
Kissing can aid in reducing tooth decay. This is because the extra saliva helps in keeping the mouth clean
Bill Bowerman, the co-founder of the shoe company Nike, got his first shoe idea after staring at a waffle iron. This gave him the idea of using squared spikes to make the shoes lighter
The most recycled product in the world is the automobile.
Ancient Egyptians kissed with their noses instead of with their lips
Krispy Kreme make five million doughnut a day
The only real person to be a Pez head was Betsy Ross
Some people start to sneeze if they are exposed to sunlight or have a light shined into their eye
An owl has three eyelids
Instead of a birthday cake, many children in Russia are given a birthday pie
Each nostril of a human being register smell in a different way. Smells that are made from the right nostril are more pleasant than the left. However, smells can be detected more accurately when made by the left nostril
Children who are breast fed tend to have an IQ seven points higher than children who are not
Each king in a deck of playing cards represents a great king fromhistory. Spades - King David; Clubs - Alexander the Great; Hearts -Charlemagne;and Diamonds - Julius Caesar.
There are no ants in Iceland, Antarctica and Greenland
A salmon with two mouths, two sets of teeth and two tongues was caught by Bob Bateman of Canada
Dueling is legal in Paraguay as long as both parties are registered blood donors
In Belgium, there is a museum that is just for strawberries
The clown fish has the ability to change its sex. If a breeding female dies, the male fish will change its sex and mate with another male
Bats sleep during the day and feed at night. The place that bats sleep in is called the "roost."
The chances of getting a cavity is higher if candy is eaten slowly throughout the day compared to eating it all at once and then brushing your teeth
The Main Library at Indiana University sinks over an inch every year because when it was built, engineers failed to take into account the weight of all the books that would occupy the building
Buckingham Palace has over six hundred rooms
Male owls weigh less and are smaller than female owls
Hypnotism is banned by public schools in San Diego
The city of Las Vegas has the most hotel rooms in the world
In the United Kingdom, three million people play bingo every year
Humans are the only primates that don't have pigment in the palms oftheir hands.
Each honeycomb in Honeycomb cereal has seven holes
By law, information collected in a U.S. census must remain confidential for seventy-two years
The name "Tonka" trucks was named after Lake Minnetonka located in Minnesota. Tonka means "great" in Sioux
The first music video ever played on MTV Europe was by Dire Straits, "Money For Nothing."
Three years after a person quits smoking, there chance of having a heart attack is the same as someone who has never smoked before
Squids move through the ocean using a jet of water forced out of the body by a siphon
Pilgrims did not eat with forks. They only used spoons, knives and their fingers
Mass murderer Charles Manson recorded an album titled "Lie."
On average, each American consumes approximately two hundred and sixty pounds of meat in a year
An apple, potato, and onion all taste the same if you eat them with your nose plugged. They all taste sweet
Automobile building is the largest manufacturing industry in the world.
A shark is the only fish that can blink with both eyes
Polar bears can eat as much as ten percent of their body weight in less than one hour
Marlboro was the first cigarette company to market a cigarette that had a red filter called "beauty tip." This was done to hide the lipstick marks left on the filter from women smokers
In Japan, the number four is considered to be unlucky because the Japanese word for four sounds very similar to the word death
The words moron, imbecile, and idiot are not interchangable. The one with the highest level of intelligence is a moron, followed, by an imbecile, and then idiot
Anise is the scent on the artificial rabbit that is used in greyhound races
The city of Nottingham in England was the first city to have Braille signs (signs for the blind) in its shopping malls for the blind
The only woman that has appeared on a U.S. paper currency is Martha Washington
The name of the Taco Bell dog is Gidget
Each year approximately half of billions dollars is spent on bubble gum by the kids in North America
Hair and fingernails are made from the same substance, keratin
The number one cause of blindness in adults in the United States is diabetes
India has a Bill of Rights for cows
A drink used to be made by the Aztecs for the gods which had the ingredients of ground cocoa mixed in with spices and corn
In America, the most common mental illness is Anxiety Disorders
The stage were the television sitcom "Friends" is shot on is said to be haunted
Whooping cranes are born with blue eyes that change to bright gold by the time they six months old
Belize is the only country in the world with a jaguar preserve
Tomatos were once referred to as "love apples." This is because their was a superstition that people would fall in love by eating them
The American Kestrel hawk weighs only four ounces
In China, pancakes are generally served as side dishes. They are stuffed with meat, bean sprouts, and other vegetables
Paper money is not made from wood pulp but from cotton. This means that it will not disintegrate as fast if it is put in the laundry
There is an automobile model called Stutz Bearcat.
The water inside of a coconut is identical to human blood plasma. Many lives in third world countries have been saved from coconut water fed through an IV
The least likely day to eat out in the United States is Monday
Americans collectively eat one hundred pounds of chocolate every second
People who studies laughter are called a "gelotologists."
Adolf Hitler was one of the people that was responsible in the creation of the Volkswagen Beetle. He came up with the idea of producing a car that was cheap enough for the average German working man to afford.
Chameleons can move their eyes independently. One eye can be looking forward and one eye backward at the same time
Bruce Lee was so fast, that they actually had to slow a film down so you could see his moves. That is the opposite of the norm
English sailors were referred to as "limeys" because sailors added lime juice to their diet to combat scurvy
Gorillas are considered apes, not monkeys. The way to distinguish between an ape and a monkey is that apes do not have tails
Early Romans used to use porcupine quills as toothpicks
Honey is used sometimes for antifreeze mixtures and in the center of golf balls
There is an area located off the south-eastern Atlantic coast of the United States called the "Bermuda Triangle." It is known for a high rate of unexplained losses of ships, small boats, and aircraft, which has led some people to believe that this triangle has supernatural powers
State with the highest percentage of people who walk to work: Alaska
Some toothpastes and deodorants contain the same chemicals found in antifreeze
The Shroud of Turin is the single most studied artifact in human history
The sperm count of an average American male compared to thirty years ago is down thirty percent
Manitoulin Island is the largest island in a fresh water lake. It is located in Canadian Lake Superior
The Chinese politician Mao Zedong refused to ever brush his teeth and instead just washed his mouth with tea
Singer Chaka Khan came out with a line of chocolates called "Chakalates."
A honey bee has four wings
A Chinese Scientist discovered that the Earth is round during the Han Dynasty by measuring the sun and moon's path in the sky. He recorded this fact down in the imperial records but went unnoticed until it was unearthed recently but Chinese archaeologists.
To make one raindrop of water, it takes approximately a million cloud droplets
The smallest bone in the human body is the stapes bone which is located in the ear
The first owner of the Marlboro Company died of lung cancer
Some African tribes refer to themselves as "motherhoods" instead of families
The word vaccine comes from the Latin word "vacca," which means cow. This name was chosen beacause the first vaccination was derived from cowpox which was given to a boy
James Bond is also known as Mr. Kiss-Kiss-Bang-Bang
A snail can crawl across a razor blade without getting injured. This is possible because they excrete a slime that protects them
In Russia, when flowers are given for a romantic occasions, flowers are given in odds numbers as even number of flowers is given at funerals only
Next to man, the porpoise is the most intelligent creature on earth
The hippopotamus has the capability to remain underwater for as long as twenty-five minutes
The Australian box-jellyfish has eight eyes
A sheep, a duck and a rooster were the first passengers in a hot air balloon
The liquid inside young coconuts can be used as substitute for blood plasma
In the UK, one third of accidental deaths that happen occur in the home
Michael Jordan makes more money from Nike annually than all of the Nike factory workers in Malaysia combined
The first president to ride in an airplane was Franklin Roosevelt
The airplane Buddy Holly died in was the "American Pie." (Thus the name of the Don McLean song.)
A tree in metropolitan area will survive for approximately eight years
The only flying saucer launch pad in the world is located in St. Paul, Alberta, Canada
The sex of a baby crocodile is determined by the temperature in the nest and how deeply the eggs are buried
Polar bears are left handed
Food can only be tasted if it is mixed with saliva
The University of Plymouth was the first university to offer a degree in surfing
Hens will produce larger eggs as they grow older
In Quebec, Canada, an old law states that margarine must be a different colour than butter
Lemons contain more sugar than strawberries
Shridhar Chillal from India is known to have the record for the longest fingernails in the world, which were each at least three feet long
The conjunctiva is a membrane that covers the human eye
It is estimated that over fifty-four million people died in World War II, which was the bloodiest war in history
Arabic numerals were not invented by Arabs, but were invented in India by the Hindus
Humphrey Bogart was related to Princess Diana
Researchers have developed odourless socks. The sock fabric is made by attaching molecules that contain chlorine called halamines to textile fibers
Alexandre Gustave Eiffel, the man who designed the Eiffel Tower, also designed the inner structure of the Statue of Liberty in New York Harbour
MS-DOS was originally calle QDOS and was bought of the author by Microsoft for a small fee. The rest is history
Marilyn Monroe had six toes
The Roman emperor Commodus was at one time going to change the name of Rome to Colonia Commodiana
The state of Alaska has almost twice as many caribou as people
Close to fifty percent of Internet shoppers spend over five hours a week online
Los Angeles is the most polluted city in the USA
For people that are lactose intolerant, chocolate aids in helping milk digest easier
Althaiophobia is the fear of marshmallows
Brazil is the largest producers of oranges in the world
From all the oxygen that a human breathes, twenty percent goes to the brain
If a statue in the park of a person on a horse has both front legs in the air, the person died in battle; if the horse has one front leg in the air, the person died as a result of wounds received in battle; if the horse has all four legs on the ground, the person died of natural causes
In WWII, when allied armies reached the Rhine River the first thing men did was pee in it. This was pretty universal from the lowest private to Winston Churchill (who made a big show of it). Gen. Patton had himself photographed in the act
Peaches were once known as Persian apples
Ninety-five percent of tropical fish sold in North America originate from Florida
The blackberry bush is also called the "bramble."
The city of Tokyo was originally called Edo
The sun shrinks five feet every hour
During World War II, Kit Kat was unavailable due to milk shortages, so the chocolate bar was made without milk
Rubber bands last longer when refrigerated
Sailors once thought that wearing a gold earring would improve their eyesight
A species of earthworm, "Megascolides australis," in Australia can grow up to fifteen feet in length
Hannibal, who was a soldier, had only one eye after getting a disease while attacking Rome
The full name of the Titanic ship is R.M.S. Titanic, which stands for Royal Mail Steamship
Electronic companies sell five times as many big-screen TVs during Super Bowl Week
A U.S. company came out with a toilet night-light that sends out a green warning beacon when the seat is up
A little under one quarter of the people in the world are vegetarians
If all the strawberries produced in California annually were put side by side, they would wrap around the Earth fifteen times
"Bookkeeper" is the only word in English language with three consecutive double letters
An average home creates more pollution than does the average car
Four out of five brides in the U.S. have a job
On a Canadian two dollar bill, the flag flying over the Parliament building is an American flag
A rocket-like device can be traced back to Ancient Greece when a flying steam-powered pigeon was built out of wood.
The Cincinnati Reds are the oldest professional baseball team
High Priests in ancient Egypt were the only ones who were allowed to wear garments made from cotton
Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada has the largest bar per capita than anywhere else in the world
The name of the popular sports drink Gatorade was named for the University of Florida Gators where it was developed
In his youth, United States president George W. Bush used to play for the Midland (Texas) Central Little League. He played the position of the catcher
The number of births that occur in India each year is higher than the entire population of Australia
The word, tattoo originated from the Tahitain word "tattau" which means "to mark."
All babies are colour blind when they are born
Rocky Mountain spotted fever is a disease caused by ticks
A fetus starts to develop fingerprints at the age of eight weeks
The reason why your nose gets runny when you are crying is because the tears from the eyes drain into the nose
Gorillas can catch human colds and other illnesses
In many of the milk ads that are shown, a mix of thinner and white paint is used instead of milk
Baskin Robbins once made ketchup ice cream. This was the only vegetable flavoured ice cream produced. However, they discontinued it since they thought it would not sell well
The strike note of the Liberty Bell in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania is e-flat
The word assassination was invented by William Shakespeare
Benjamin Franklin invented the rocking chair.
A study indicates that smokers are likely to die on average six and a half years earlier than non-smokers
On a Canadian two dollar bill, the flag flying over the Parliament building is an American flag
TYPEWRITER, is one of the longest words that can be made using the letters only one row of the keyboard
In the U.S. there is, on average, three sex change operations per day
The American Airlines Sports Center, in Dallas, has most toilets per capita than any other sports and entertainment venue in the USA
The first United States president to visit China was Richard Nixon
The most popular show amongst baby boomers is Star Trek.
The only real person to be a Pez head was Betsy Ross
The only two days of the year in which there are no professional sports games (MLB, NBA, NHL, or NFL) are the day before and the day after the Major League All-Star Game
Watermelon is considered a good gift to give a host in Japan and China
The planet Venus spins opposite to the other planets in the solar system
Frog-eating bats identify edible frogs from poisonous ones by listening to the mating calls of male frogs. Frogs counter this by hiding and using short, difficult to locate calls
Dieting can cause bad breath since less saliva is produced which leads to dry mouth
When an orange is shown in any of the "Godfather" movies, this means that someone is about to die or a close call is to occur.
Doctors in Canada use an adhesive similar to Krazy Glue instead of stitches, lowering the possibility of bacterial infection and minimizing scarring
Soil that is heated by geysers are now making it possible to produce bananas in Iceland
Chameleon is derived from the Greek, meaning "little lion."
The name Aspirin was invented from "A" in acetyl chloride. The "spir" comes from spiraea ulmaria which is the plant that they got the salicylic acid from, and the "in" was used because back then it was popular to end the name of medicines with "in."
There is a town in Norway called "Hell"
A goldfish has a memory span of three seconds
Gloucestershire airport in England used to blast Tina Turner songs on its runways to scare birds away
In China, fish is eaten more than three times what it is in the United States
The three wealthiest families in the world have more assets than the combined wealth of the forty-eight poorest nations
Huge Moore, the inventor of Dixie cups got the idea for the name from a neighboring factory, the Dixie Doll Company
The turkey was once nominated to be the official bird of the United States
On average, Americans spend five times more of their time in their cars than they do on vacation
Natural gas does not have any odor. In order to detect a gas leak, some gas companies add a chemical that smells similar like rotten eggs.
Spiders have claws at the ends of their legs
Warner Brothers Corset Company created the bra cup sizing system, which is now used universally used by manufacturers
Daytime dramas are called Soap Operas because they were originally used to advertise soap powder. In America in the early days of TV, advertisers would write stories around the use of their soap powder
Reserves from the Irish army were used as extras in the movie "Braveheart."
Scientists have actually performed brain surgery on cockroaches
Everyday, more money is printed for Monopoly than the U.S. Treasury
The Atlantic Ocean is saltier than the Pacific Ocean
By donating just one pint of blood, four lives can be saved
The electric chair was invented by a dentist
Pilgrims did not eat potatoes for Thanksgiving as they thought they were poisonous
BluBlocker sunglasses were developed with lenses that were used in the NASA space program for American astronauts
Pearls melt in vinegar
Richard Millhouse Nixon was the first US president whose name contains all the letters from the word "criminal." The second? William Jefferson Clinton
If you keep a Goldfish in the dark room, it will eventually turn white
During his lifetime, artist Vincent Van Gogh only sold one of his paintings (The Red Vineyard)
Coffee has about five times the amount of caffeine as a can of Coke
The age of a saguaro cactus is calculated by its height
There are three golf balls sitting on the moon
You are more likely to be killed by a champagne cork than by a poisonous spider
The longest recorded flight of a chicken is thirteen seconds.
The name Santa Claus came from Saint Nicholas who was a bishop in the town of Myra, and was known to be very nice to children
No other animal gives us more by-products than the hog. These by-products include pig suede, buttons, glass, paint brushes, crayons, chalk, and insulation to name a few
It takes eight and a half minutes for light to get from the sun to earth.
When explorers first arrived in Venezuela, they were reminded of Venice. They named the country "Little Venice", which translated into Spanish is Venezuela
Mr. Rogers is an ordained minister
When a polar bear cub is born, it can not see or hear. It takes approximately a month for the cub to start to see and hear
Girls have more tastebud than boys
Dandelion root can be roasted and ground as a coffee substitute
Platypuses mate in the water
Julie Nixon, daughter of Richard Nixon married David Eisenhower, grandson of Dwight Eisenhower
The microwave oven was invented after a researcher walked by a radar tube and a chocolate bar melted in his pocket.
The candlefish is so oily that it was once burned for fuel
Morihei Ueshiba, founder of Aikido, once pinned an opponent using only a single finger
The game of squash originated in the United Kingdom. It came about after a few boys, who were waiting for their turn to play racquets, knocked a ball around in a confined area adjoining the racquets court
Coca-Cola was originally green
When opossums are playing 'possum, they are not "playing." Theyactually pass out from sheer terror.
You burn more calories sleeping than you do watching television
Lady Bugs really are not bugs. They are actually beetles and their correct name is The Ladybird Beetle
The name Reebok was named after the African Gazelle
Hydrogen is the most common atom in the universe
There is a town named Dildo in the province of Newfoundland, Canada
For every human in the world there are one million ants
The word "nerd" was first coined by Dr. Suess in the book "If I Ran to the Zoo."
Mel Blanc (the voice of Bugs Bunny) was allergic to carrots
There are more recreational golfers per capita in Canada than any other country in the world
Hitler and Napolean both had only one testical
The driest place on earth is Calama, in the Atacama Desert in Chile
After being picked an orange cannot ripen
Singer Paula Abdul used to be a cheerleader for the Los Angeles Lakers
Fossilized bird droppings are one of the chief exports of Nauru, an island nation in the Western Pacific
The first toilet tank ever seen on television was on Leave it to Beaver
The colours yellow, red, and orange are used in fast food restaraunts because those are the colours that stimulate hunger
If all the cars from the U.S. were taken and lined up from bumper to bumper, there would be enough cars to go to the moon from earth and back.
The elephant is the national animal of Thailand
A Canadian Tour company offers a two-day course in igloo building
A duck's quack doesn't echo, and no one knows why.
When the Pez mint dispenser was first introduced it was meant to replace the activity of smoking
Gardening is said to be one of the best exercises for maintaining healthy bones
The speed of sound must be exceeded to produce a sonic boom.
From all the vegetables, beets contain the most sugar
Smelling bananas can help a person lose weight
In Miami, Florida, roosting vultures have taken to snatching poodles from rooftop patios
Only female mosquitoes bite humans. Male mosquitoes live on natural liquids from plants and other resources
The difference between horns and antlers is that horns never stop growing and antlers shed and grow every year
Found in Argentina, the ornate horned frog can eat an entire mouse with one swallow
During World War II, there was not enough sugar in the U.S. to make candy as it was sent to the troops overseas. At this time, popcorn was consumed three times more than its usual amount
The most famous movie theatre is the "Chinese Theatre" located in Los Angeles, USA
Oscar Wilde and his friends came up the with the word "dude." It came from the words "duds" and "attitude."
Melba toast is named after an Australian opera singer Dame Nellie Melba
Astronomers once believed a planet named Vulcan existed between Mercury and the Sun
Ants do not sleep
Valentina Tereshkova was the first woman to enter space. She spent three days in space and completed forty-eight orbits of Earth
Ukrainian monk, Dionysius Exiguus, created the modern day Christian calendar
The revenue that is generated from gambling is more than the revenue that comes from movies, cruise ships, recorded music, theme parks, and spectator sports combined
A starfish can turn its stomach inside out
The music group Simply Red got its name from band member Mick Hucknall, who has red hair
Every three minutes a woman is diagnosed with breast cancer
The name of the award given to honor the best sites on the Internet is called "The Webby Award."
The United States Mint once considered producing donut-shaped coins.
Adolf Hitler loved chocolate cake
George Washington grew hemp in his garden
The song "Strawberry Fields Forever" sung by the Beatles refers to an orphanage located in Liverpool
False Bay, on the southern tip of Africa and close to Cape Town, South Africa, is a breeding ground for great white sharks, which feed off the thousands of seals in the bay. However, it is the only area in the known world in which these sharks are known to breach - they attack the seals by coming up vertically, often leaping clear of the water with their prey in their mouths
In the United States, approximately seven billion pounds of chocolate and candy are manufactured each year
Mules have one horse and one donkey for a parent
On average, a baby in the United States will eat fifteen pounds of cereal in their first year of life
The name Hasbro was invented by the name of the founders: HASsenfeld BROthers
Due to sugar shortages to make candy during World War II, movie theatre owners turned to popcorn, which is now the best selling snack at movie theatres today
A group of whales is called a pod or gam
Even though a polar bears fur looks white it is actually colourless and is made with hollow tubes. The reason the bear looks white is because the rough inner surface of the tubes make light scatter and reflect at many different angles which gives the white appearance
There is a type of coffin made that can be used as a wine rack or picnic table before its final use
One gallon of used motor oil can ruin approximately one million gallons of fresh water
After the Eiffel Tower was built, one person was killed during the installation of the lifts. No one was killed during the actual construction of the tower
Bernd Eilts, a German artist, turns dried cow manure into wall clocks and small sculptures. He is now expanding his business to include cow dung wrist watches
People who meet their calcium need reduce their risk of developing kidney stones
In every episode of Seinfeld there is a Superman somewhere.
The human heart weighs less than a pound
The ocean sunfish can produce thirty million eggs at once
The highest point in France is Mont Blanc, located in the Alps.
Oak trees do not produce acorns until they are fifty years of age or older
In England, a cigarette is referred to as a fag
Albert Einstein was cremated and his ashes were spread over a river located in New Jersey
Your right lung takes in more air than your left one does
Men are four times more likely to be struck by lightning than women
Octopi change colours when they become frightened. Normally they are a brownish colour, but can change to green or blue when fear sets in
A "gelotologist" is a person who studies laughter
Fat is important for the development of children and normal growth
When a predator is chasing an impala, a type of antelope, it runs in a zig zag formation jumping as high as three metres
David Rice Atchinson was President of the United States for exactly one day. This happened due to a glitch in American law at the time. new
Tomatina is the legendary Spanish tomato-throwing festival held in Bunol, Spain
Pigs have no sweat glands, which is why they stay in water or mud to keep cool
There is no element on Mendeleev's (the current) periodic table of elements abbreviated, either partially, or fully, with the letter J.
One of the Bond girls in the James Bond movie, "For Your Eyes Only," used to be a man
The microwave was invented after a researcher walked by a radar tube and a chocolate bar melted in his pocket
Only President to win a Pulitzer: John F. Kennedy for "Profiles in Courage"
Roman emperors ate flamingo tongues which were considered a delicacy. Also parrotfish livers, and pheasant brains were feasted on
Forty percent of Americans iron their clothes while wearing their underwear or being completely naked
Mexican jumping beans jump because of moth larvae inside the bean
Women blink nearly twice as much as men
Author Robert May considered the names of Reginald and Rollo before he settled on "Rudolph, the red-nosed reindeer."
A study concludes that kids who snore do poorly in school
When snakes are born with two heads, they fight each other for food
Chocolate maker Cadbury uses more than sixty thousand tonnes of cocoa each year, in the United Kingdom alone
There are more pigs than humans in Denmark
A human eyeball weighs an ounce
The "Mexican Hat Dance" is the official dance of Mexico
The DNA of humans is closer to a rat than a cat
Peladophobia refers to the fear of bald people
A person that is struck by lightning has a greater chance of developing motor neurone disease
Singer Michael Jackson owns the rights to the South Carolina State anthem
Pigeons can see ultraviolet lights
The list of ingredients that make up lipstick include fish scales
If a statue in the park of a person on a horse has both front legs inthe air, the person died in battle; if the horse has one front leg inthe air,the person died as a result of wounds received in battle; if the horsehasall four legs on the ground, the person died of natural causes.
There are two credit cards for every person in the United States
The little circles of paper that are cut out after a paper has been punched by a hole puncher are called "chad."
Teflon is the most slipperiest substance in the world
The lifespan of a firefly is about seven days. During these days, they are busy trying to find a mate
Fried spiders taste like nuts
Cows do not have any upper front teeth. Instead they have a thick pad on the top jaw
On average, Americans move to a new place eleven times in their lifetime
Energy is being wasted if a toaster is left plugged in after use
No word in the English language rhymes with month, orange,silver or purple
Trees that are near street lights do not shed their leaves as fast as a tree that is in the country
No president of the United States was an only child
There are over one billion people that are actively involved in rice growth
Hockey pucks were originally made from frozen cow dung
The Arctic Tern, which is a small bird, can fly a round trip from the Arctic to the Antarctic and back. This can be as long as twenty thousand miles per year. This is the longest migration for a bird
The word "America" comes from the European explorer "Amerigo Vespucci
Thomas Edison, the inventor of the light bulb was afraid of the dark
Male rabbits are called "bucks," females are "does."
Mangos are known throughout the world as the "King of Fruits."
Wild Flamingos are pink because they consume vast quantities of algae and brine shrimp
The word "diastema" is the word for having a gap between your teeth
While digging, an Armadillo can hold its breath for up to six minutes
When a porcupine is born, its quills are soft and mostly white, but harden within hours
The first drug to be sold in the form of a tablet is Aspirin
The original name for butterfly was flutterby
Former U.S. President Franklin Pierce was arrested during his term as President for running over an old lady with his horse, but the charges were later dropped
The giant squid is the largest animal without a backbone
There is enough water in American swimming pools to cover the whole city of San Francisco seven feet deep
Pineapples were first introduced into Europe by Christopher Columbus
When a women is pregnant, her senses are all heightened
The Food and Drug Administration says the most common injury from cosmetics comes from scratching the eye with a mascara wand
It has been medically been proven that laughter is an effective pain killer
Cataloupes are named after the gardens of Cantaloupe, Italy where some belive this melon was first grown
In a year, the average person walks four miles to make his or her bed
Most snakes have six rows of teeth
NASDAQ stand for, "National Association of Securities Dealers Automated Quotations."
The city of Chicago has the only post office in the world where you can drive your car through
The average person can live about a month without eating any food, but can only live about a week without water
The first owner of the Marlboro Company, Wayne McLaren, died of lung cancer
No word in the English language rhymes with month, orange, silver, and purple
The Xerox company was initially called the Haloid Company
One out of every five births in the United States are delivered by Cesarean section
Studies indicate that surgeons who listen to music while they operate improve in their performance
Thomas Edison was afraid of the dark
Thailand used to be called Siam
A sneeze can travel as fast as one hundred miles per hour
Desert snails can stay in their shell for up to three years
The smallest frog is the "Brazilian baby frog", which is smaller than a dime
A baby octopus is about the size of a flea when it is born
People from the United States eat the most chicken per person than anywhere else in the world
Sanskrit is considered as the mother of all higher languages. This is because it is the most precise, and therefore suitable language for computer software
The origins of the soldier term "G.I." is an abbreviation for "Government Issue," which was stamped on all government kits supplied to recruits in the US Army during World War II
Watermelons are a popular gift to bring to a host in China or Japan
Beethoven used to take hay baths to remedy the swelling he used to get in his legs
The official state mammal of Texas is the armadillo
The word Himalayas means the "home of snow."
A man filed a lawsuit against his doctor because he survived longer than what the doctor had predicted
The platypus uses its bill to find animals that it feeds on. Its bill can sense the tiny electric fields that their preys emit
There are only four words in the English language which end in
Hummingbirds are the only animal that can fly backwards
In a study conducted regarding toilet paper usage, Americans are said to use the most toilet paper per trip to the bathroom, which was seven sheets of toilet paper per trip
German cockroaches can survive for up to one month without food and two weeks without water
George Washington had teeth made out of hippopotamus ivory
The cruise liner, Queen Elizabeth II, moves only six inches for each gallon of diesel that it burns
The amount of aluminum that Americans throw out in three months is enough to rebuild all American commercial planes
Humans breathe in and out approximately one litre of air in ten seconds
British scientists have found evidence that heart attacks increase significantly for people who watch soccer penalty shoot-outs
Fine-grained volcanic ash can be found as an ingredient in some toothpaste
The most disliked vegetable by Americans is Brussels sprouts
The first ice hotel was built in Swedish Lapland
A myrmecologist studies ants
Rice is thrown at weddings as a symbol of fertility
To produce a dozen eggs, a hen has to eat about four pounds of feed
When Coca-Cola began to be sold in China, they used characters that would sound like "Coca-Cola" when spoken. Unfortunately, what they turned out to mean was "Bite the wax tadpole". It did not sell well
Pikeville, Kentucky consumes the most Pepsi per capita then any other American city
After the death of the genius, Albert Einstein, his brain was removed by a pathologist and put in a jar for future study
The fastest speed a raindrop had reached when falling is seven miles per hour.
Battle Creek, Michigan is referred to as the "Cereal Bowl of America." The city produces the most breakfast cereals than any other city in the world
The stringy thing that is seen in egg whites is called "chalazae."
Seven percent of a humans body wieght is made up of blood
Most snails are hermaphrodites, meaning they have both female and male reproductive organs
Dogs can be trained to detect an upcoming epileptic seizure
In some parts of the Atacama Desert it has never rained
Strawberries are a member of the rose family
It is common in Israel and Egypt to eat watermelon with feta cheese
The most popular recipient of Valentine cards are school teachers
The average stay for a prisoner on Alcatraz, when it was used as a prison, was five years
Mickey Mouse is known as "Topolino" in Italy
Bird droppings are the chief export of Nauru, an island nation in the Western Pacific
About twenty-five percent of the population sneeze when they are exposed to light
A cow has four compartments in its stomach
The most popular place to burn candles in the house is the living room
Men are four times more likely to be struck by lightning than women
Hair is made from the same substance as fingernails
The fins of the Spiny Dogfish Shark are sometimes used as sandpaper for wood products
The Super Bowl is so popular that it is the number on at-home party event of the year
There was a time in Japan where a wife being left handed was a ground for divorce
The United States produces enough plastic film annually to cover the entire state of Texas
It is possible to get high by licking a toad. The Cane Toad produces a toxin called bufotenine to ward off predators. When licked, this toxin acts as a hallucinogen
Chances of a women getting breast cancer are increased by excesseive use of alcohol
A common name for pincurls is also spitcurls because woman sometimes wet their hair with their saliva before curling it
Birds do not sweat, as they do not have sweat glands
In the United States there are about three million honey producing colonies
January is named for the Roman god Janus. Janus was a temple god who could look forward and backward at the same time
Pepper was sold as individual grains during the Elizabethan times. The guards at the London docks had to sew up their pockets so they would not steal any of the pepper
On average, the life span of an American dollar bill is eighteen months
Shakespeare invented the word "assassination" and "bump."
A diet high in fat is said to impede memory
Pound for pound, hamburgers cost more than new cars.
Two million red blood cells die every second
The first American astronaut in space was Alan B. Shepard Jr
Hundreds of years ago, only the wealthy people used to wear underwear
Buffalo wings, got their name because the spicy chicken wings originated in Buffalo, New York
The board game Scrabble was originally called "Criss Cross Words" by inventor Alfred Butts
The MGM lion, whose name was Leo, lived in Memphis until his death
Studies indicate that weightlifters working out in blue gyms can handle heavier weights
African heart-nosed bats can have such a keen sense of sound that they can hear the footsteps of a beetle walking on sand from six feet away
Many of the stars that were in the Poltergeist Trilogy had strange deaths
The sap of a banana plant leaves serious stains on hands and clothes that is extremely hard to remove
In Ireland, a prime minister is a called a Taoiseach
People in France own more pets in the world per person than any other country
The most common pear world-wide is the Bartlett. It is bell-shaped, sweet and soft with a light green colour
Eighty percent of the Vanilla Beans which are used to make ice cream is grown in Madagascar
The Kraft company produces enough Cool Whip, a brand of whipping cream, in one year to fill the entire Grand Canyon
Karate actually originated in India, but was developed further in China
A seagull can drink salt water because it has special glands that filter out the salt
Elvis had a twin brother named Jesse Garon, who died at birth
People drank gold powder mixed in with water in medieval Europe to relieve pain from sore limbs
Basketball great Wilt Chamberlain never fouled out of a game
Twit is the name given for a pregnant goldfish
A ear trumpet was used before the hearing aid was invented by people who had difficulty hearing
The most popular American city for Kool-Aid sales is St. Louis, Missouri
A human embryo is smaller than a grain of rice at four weeks old
Silk was developed in China were it was kept a secret for more than two thousands years. Anyone found trying to smuggle silkworm eggs or cocoons out of the country was immediately put to death
Ivory bar soap floating was a mistake. They had been mixing the soap formula causing excess air bubbles that made it float. Customers wrote and told how much they loved that it floated, and it has floated ever since
Sir John Harington, the godson of Queen Elizabeth I, was the inventor of the toilet
The highest point in Pennsylvania is lower than the lowest point in Colorado
There are only four words in the English language which end in"-dous": tremendous, horrendous, stupendous, and hazardous
One pound of maple syrup can make eight pounds of candy or sugar
Uranus is the only planet that rotates on its side
The peanut is not a nut, it is actually a legume
A colony of bees have to fly almost fifty-five thousand miles and tap two million flowers to make one pound of honey
Popped popcorn should be stored in the freezer or refrigerator as this way it can stay crunchy for up to three weeks
In Czechoslovakia, there is a church that has a chandelier made out of human bones
The first fruit eaten on the moon was a peach
The name "Lego" came from the Danish word LEg Godt, which means "play well."
Female and male black bears cannot tolerate being around each other except when they breed
Twelve men have landed on and explored the moon
The football team Green Bay Packers comes from a meat packing company called Acme Packing
Unlike a frog a toad cannot jump
Baseball was the first sport to be pictured on the cover of Sports Illustrated
A group of tigers is called a streak
The Beatles have sold more records than anyone else with over a billion worldwide
The designated instrument for the city of Detroit is the accordion
Venus is the only planet that rotates clockwise
A sheep, a duck, and a rooster were the first passengers in a hot air balloon
The New York Stock Exchange started out as a coffee house
EPCOT stands for "Experimental Prototype City Of Tomorrow."
The reason why tattoos do not vanish even though we shed our skin is because the dye is injected deeper into the dermis part of the skin. It is only the epidermis that we shed
Cashew nuts contain oil in the shell that is very irritating to the skin
Lightning strikes the Empire States Building about seven times a year
Snake venom is ninety percent protein
More than three thousand people work on research in Antarctica each year
The first product that the toy company Mattel came out with was picture frames
Scientists have discovered a way to make biodegradable plastic from plants by using genetic engineering.
In Australia, a common "Boxing day" activity is surfing
Mary Hart, the co-anchor of Entertainment Tonight, has each of her legs insured for one million dollars
Earl Dean developed the bottle design for Coca-Cola
The word "super" to a beekeeper refers to the hive box where the honey is stored
Deliberately infecting people with malaria has been used to cure different viral infections. The high fever will strengthen the immune system and fight the virus. In recent times this has been considered as a treatment to HIV
By partially filling saucers with vinegar and distributing the saucers around a room, you can eliminate odors
On average it takes a shark seven days to replace a tooth
Snails eat with a rasping mouth called a "radula," which has thousands of teeth
A dragonfly has a lifespan of for to seven weeks
Chewing on gum while cutting onions can help a person from producing tears
The first jigsaw puzzle was created by map maker John Splisbury who mounted one of his maps on a sheet of hardwood. He proceeded to cut around the borders of each country use a fine saw
Owen Falls Lake is the largest man-made lake in the world
If a raisin is dropped into a glass of champagne it will bounce up and down in the glass
Reptiles do not perspire, and do not have any oil glands
Eating chocolate three times a month helps people live longer as opposed to people who overeat chocolate or do not eat chocolate at all
There is a doggy disco held in Italy every year where owners can dance with their dogs
In ancient Egypt, the dung beetle symbolized eternal rebirth and the Sun God Khepri
If a cockroach breaks a leg it can grow another one
Budweiser beer is named after a town in Czechoslovakia
Each day the sun causes about one trillion tons of water to evaporate
All penguins live south of the equator
Airports that are at higher altitudes require a longer airstrip due to lower air density
Every second, two Barbie dolls are sold somewhere in the world
The first episode of the popular television sitcom Happy Days was titled "All The Way."
Scientists have discovered that the longer the ring finger is in boys the less chance they have of having a heart attack
The smallest bone in the human body is the stirrup bone, which is located in the ear
George Washington had to borrow money to go to his own inauguration
All of Chrysler's PT Cruisers are built in Mexico.
Movies approximately make five times more from video sales than ticket sales
The word Lethologica describes the state of not remembering the word you want to say
In every episode of Seinfeld there is a Superman somewhere
Baby donkeys or baby mules are also known as "Foals."
When Sony introduced the walkman, it had a variety of different names in different countries. It was called "Soundabout" in the U.S., "Stowaway" in the U.K., and "Freestyle" in Australia
In Canada, the most productive day of the workweek is Tuesday
The first toilet ever seen on television was on "Leave It To Beaver"
Author Dr. Seuss wrote the book "Green Eggs and Ham" because the editor made him a bet that he could not write a book, which contained less than fifty words
Armadillos have four babies at a time, and they are always the same sex
The tallest mammal in the world is the giraffe
Obsessive nose picking is referred to as rhinotillexomania
In ancient Greece, throwing an apple to a girl was a way to propose for marriage.. If the girl caught it, that would mean she accepts
In Ancient Egypt, cats were often buried with their masters, or in a special cemetary for cats
Mice will nurse babies that are not their own
Saturday is the most popular day for people to eat out in the United States
Singer Alice Cooper once had a live chicken thrown at him during a concert in Toronto. He threw the chicken back at the crowd and all the publicity surrounding the incident skyrocketed his singing career
Elmer Smith was the first player to hit a grand slam in a World Series
Ancient Egyptians used the spice Thyme to help preserve mummies
In ancient Rome, lead poisoning was a prevalent disease amongst the wealthy because of their extensive use of lead. Many Roman women died because of lead poisoning caused by the use of make-up that contained lead
Depending on the size, it can take an oyster anywhere from few months to many years to form a pearl
Storks were a symbol of fertility in Europe and were considered to bring good luck
The parents of Albert Einstein were worried that he was mentally slow because it took him a long time to learn how to speak
A honey bee has four wings
Badminton originates from a sport in India called "poona."
In the United States, turkeys are mostly raised in California
The only state to grow pineapples is Hawaii
In order to mate, a male deep sea anglerfish will bite a female when he finds her. The male will never let go and will eventually merge his body into the female and spend the rest of his life inside the female mate. The males internal organs will disappear apart from the testes that are needed to for breeding
There are five years in a quinquennium
The average life span of a mosquito is two weeks
The shark cornea has been used in eye surgery, since its cornea is similar to a human cornea
The largest fish in the world is the whale shark. It can weigh several tons and grow to more than fifty feet in length
The fastest bird in the world is the Peregrine Falcon, which can reach speeds in excess of two hundred miles per hour
The word "Denim" comes from the French phrase "serge de Nimes" which is a fabric made in a town located in southern France
The most popular gift that teachers receive in the United States from their students is chocolate
The Bible has been translated into Klingon
Thirty-five percent of the people who use personal ads for dating arealready married.
Stewardesses is one of the longest words typed with only the left hand
If a lobster loses an eye or a claw it can usually grow a new one
The name for the sign "&" which represents the world "and" is ampersand
The meaning of Siberia is "sleeping land."
Ancient Romans at one time used human urine as an ingredient in their toothpaste
Billie Jean by Michael Jackson was the first video to air on MTV by a black artist
An elephant cannot jump
Scientists say that babies that are breastfed are more likely to be slimmer as adults than those that are not breastfed
The reason why the Mexican sombrero hat is so wide is to provide shade for the entire body
According to research, the most productive workday is Tuesday and the least productive is Friday
Mangos are valued for their reputation as an aphrodisiac in countries such as Guatemala and India
The coconut is the largest seed in the world
Some toothpastes contain antifreeze
The only English place that has a name that ends with an exclamation mark is "Westward Ho!"
In Cleveland, Ohio, it's illegal to catch mice without a huntinglicense.
There are at least six universal facial expressions. They are: happiness, sadness, disgust, fear, anger and surprise
In the movie "The Exorcist" the vomit that (Regan) Linda Blair hurls at Father Damien Karras is thick pea soup
The Library of Congress, located in Washington D.C., is the largest library in the world
There is a substance in the skin of the African clawed frog that helps in fighting infection
The Sea of Tranquility on the moon is deeper than the highest mountain on Earth
"Pomology" is the science of growing an apple
The town with the most stop signs per capita than any other in the US: LaConner, Washington
There is a Harley-Davidson that was designed as an exact replica of a hamburger
Five Jell-O flavors that flopped: celery, coffee, cola, apple, andchocolate.
Mosquitoes prefer children over adults
When baby sharks are born, they swim away from their mothers right away and are on there own. In fact, their mothers might see them as prey
Soaking beans for twelve hours in water before they are cooked can reduce flatulence caused by beans
The venom of the king cobra is so deadly that one bite can kill twenty people or one elephant
Another word to refer to old age is senectitude
The most popular meal ordered at restaurants in the U.S. is fried chicken
The average human head weighs about eight pounds
Fear of clowns is called coulrophobia
The average person is about a quarter of an inch taller at night
Common pesticides such as roach, termite and flea insecticide can be found in the bodies of majority of Americans
Isaac Asimov is the only author to have a book in every Dewey-decimal category
There is no tipping in Iceland
The founder of JC Penny had the middle name of Cash
Eating parsley after eating an onion can help in getting rid of onion breath
Gorilla gorilla gorilla is the scientific name for the animal gorilla
In the U.S. the most common excuse made to get out of paying a ticket is to say they missed the sign
On average, it is estimated that females injure themselves ten time more than males do while playing sports
The first hair dryer was a vacuum cleaner that was used for drying hair
Whale eyes are the size of a grapefruit
Painting a house yellow or having a yellow trim helps in selling a house faster
Frosted Flakes mascot "Tony the Tiger" has a wife, son (Tony Jr.) and daughter (Antoinette) that were used in early advertising commercials
The iron disulfide (Pyrite) is considered "fool's gold" because it looks very similar to gold.
Nutmeg is extremely poisonous if injected intraveinously.
Smiling releases endorphins in the body, which makes people feel better
A dentist from Buffalo New York named Alfred P. Southwick invented the electric chair.
ABBA got their name by taking the first letter from each of their names (Agnetha, Bjorn, Benny, Anni-frid.)
The space between your eyebrows is called the Glabella
Grapes are grown around the world more than any other fruit
The best selling game in history for coin-operated machines is Pac-Man
There is a Hamburger hall of fame in Seymour, Wisconsin
Initially golf balls were made out of wood. After that they were made out of leather which was stuffed with feathers
Babies who wear disposable diapers are five times more likely to develop diaper rash than those that wear cotton diapers
On average, a man spends about five months of his life shaving
Oprah Winfrey was the first black woman to anchor a newscast in Nashville at WTVF-TV
Polar bears are left-handed
A female ferret can die if she goes into heat and cannot find a mate
Casey Kasem is the voice of Shaggy on the cartoon show "Scooby-Doo." Casey Kasem, being a strict vegetarian, also requested that Shaggy follow the same diet on the show
People with allergies can lower allergy reactions by laughing
Some farmers in Japan have learned to grow their watermelons into a square shape. They did this to conserve shelf space
Tasmania is said to have the cleanest air in the world
Studies show that divorced women have more trouble starting new relationships than divorced men
Did you know that there are coffee flavored PEZ?
An individual coral animal is called a polyp
There are dolphins that live in the Amazon River that are the colour pink
Navel oranges got their name because the bottom of this type of orange resembles a belly button or navel
Tohru Iwatani, the inventor of the video game Pac-Man, came up with the idea when he saw a pizza with a slice missing at a dinner party
One tree can filter up to sixty pounds of pollutants from the air each year.
In America, one out of every two marriages ends up in divorce
During his entire life, Vincent Van Gogh sold exactly one painting, Red Vineyard at Arles
Touching and stroking a plant will aid in it growing healthy
Olive oil can help in lowering cholesterol levels and decreasing the risk of heart complications
Ho-Ho-Kus, a small town in New Jersey, is the only town in the United States of America that has two dashes in its name
Romans, in the third century, believed that the lemon was an antidote for all poisons
Sheep can survive for up to two weeks buried in snow drifts.Click Here For More Details
"Kemo Sabe" means "soggy shrub" in Navajo
Clans of long ago that wanted to get rid of their unwanted people without killing them would burn their houses down - hence the expression "to get fired."
On a bottle of brandy VSOP stand for "Very Special Old Pale."
The word "dexterity", to do with skill is related to the right hand. The opposite of the word "deter" is "sinister", to do with evil, it is related to the left hand
The best selling chocolate syrup in the world is Hershey
The word Karate means, "empty hand."
There are some types of chocolates that are actually good for the arteries and heart
Intelligent people have more zinc and copper in their hair
The cruise liner, Queen Elizabeth II, moves only six inches for each gallon of diesel that it burns
In France, it is illegal for a person to kiss another on railways
The appliance that uses the most use of water in the home is the toilet
Adolf Hitler wanted to be an architect, but he failed the entrance exam at the architectural school in Vienna
In the first century, people used to drink goats milk to sweeten their breath
The first product that Sony came out with was the rice cooker
In the United States, ice cream is sold the most on a Sunday
The substance that gives red wine and dark beer its color is said to have a positive effects on cholesterol and blood pressure
Tripolini pasta was named for the Italian conquest of Tripoli in Libya
The six official languages of the United Nations are Arabic, Chinese, English, French, Russian, and Spanish
During World War II, the very first bomb dropped on Berlin by the Allies killed the only elephant in the Berlin Zoo
People who ride on roller coasters have a higher chance of having a blood clot in the brain
The tallest freestanding sculpture in the world is Chief Crazy Horse in South Dakota, USA
Marie Curie, the Nobel prize winning scientist who discovered radium, died of radiation poisoning
The word Popcorn is derived from the middle English word "poppe," which means "explosive sound"
The food that is digested in your stomach is called "chyme."
The sentence "The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog." uses everyletter in the alphabet. (Developed by Western Union to Test telex/twxcommunications)
The word housekeeping was invented by Shakespeare
The only two days of the year in which there are no professional sportsgames (MLB, NBA, NHL, or NFL) are the day before and the day after theMajorLeague All-Star Game.
Lack of sleep can affect your immune system and reduce your ability to fight infections
It is not possible to tickle yourself. The cerebellum, a part of the brain, warns the rest of the brain that you are about to tickle yourself. Since your brain knows this, it ignores the resulting sensation
Parma ham is only Parma ham if it is made in the Parma region of Italy. The British chain supermarket Asda, made and packaged its own "Parma ham" and was successfully sued by the real Parma ham people (Parma Ham Trade Association)
Police detectives have used snapping turtles to help them locate dead bodies
The national sport of Japan is sumo wrestling
The early occurrence of a fetus yawning is at eleven weeks after conception
In a month, a fingernail grows an eighth of an inch
Edward VIII did not officially become the King of England as he abdicated the throne to marry an American divorcee
The reason why golf balls have dimples on them is because it helps in the ball to move a farther distance by reducing drag
Americans consume the most peanut butter in the world
Celtic warriors sometimes fought their battles naked, their bodies dyed blue from head to toe
To make butter more attractive in colour, carrot juice was used by people in the Middle Ages
Most fleas do not live past a year old
It takes seven to ten days to make a jelly belly jellybean
Some asteroids have other asteroids orbiting them
Maine is the only state whose name is just one syllable
The male praying mantis cannot copulate while its head is attached to its body. The female initiates sex by ripping the males head off
There is enough concrete in the Hoover Dam to pave a two lane highway from San Francisco to New York
The real name of Toto the dog in "The Wizard Of Oz" was Terry
Stannous fluoride, which is the cavity fighter found in toothpaste is made from recycled tin
The most popular name for a pet in the United States is Max
Spiral staircases in medieval castles are running clockwise. This is because all knights used to be right-handed. When the intruding army would climb the stairs they would not be able to use their right hand which was holding the sword because of the difficulties of climbing the stairs. Left-handed knights would have had no troubles, except left-handed people could never become knights because it was assumed that they were descendants of the devil
The largest shopping mall in the world is the West Edmonton Mall located in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada
The country of Andorra has a zero percent unemployment rate
In Los Angeles, there are fewer people than there are automobiles
In India, pickled ginger, minced mutton and a cottage cheese like substance are popular pizza toppings
A language becomes extinct in this world every two weeks
Ten radishes only contain eight calories
Annually a thousand people are killed by scorpions in Mexico
The average lifespan of a human taste bud is ten days
People with darker skin will not wrinkle as fast as people with lighter skin
Fido means faithful in Latin
Pebbles cereal was actually named after the shape of the cereal and not the Pebbles Flintstone character
A group of kangaroos is called a mob
Cat's urine glows under a blacklight.
Every three seconds, a new baby is born
The only predator that polar bears have are humans
The last land battle of the U.S. Civil War was fought in Texas
The IRS employees tax manual has instructions for collecting taxes after a nuclear war
There are approximately fifty Bibles sold each minute across the world
The pectin that is found in apples aids in lowering cholesterol levels
Post-It Notes, which are adhesive notes, were invented while looking for a way to improve the acrylate adhesive found in tapes
Odontophobia is the fear of teeth
The width of a tornado can range from less than ten yards to more than a mile.
In Johannesburg, the average car will be involved in an accident once every four years.
The Taj Mahal was actually built for use as a tomb
According to studies, an average roll of toilet paper lasts about five days in the bathroom
Almonds are members of the peach family
The oldest known disease in the world is leprosy
The largest member of the dolphin family are orcas
The hormone replacement drug "Premarin" is made from the urine of pregnant horses
People over the age of fifty will start to lose their dislike for foods that taste bitter
Copper is the second most used metal in the world.
Milton Bradley originally wanted to name the game Twister, Pretzel; but he could not since the name was copyrighted
According to studies, men prefer to have white bedrooms and women prefer to have blue bedrooms
If someone was to fly once around the surface of the moon, it would be equal to a round trip from New York to London
St. Patrick never really drove out any snakes from Ireland. This story was an analogy of how he drove paganism out of Ireland
Fat is important for the development of children and normal growth
The most common seasonings found in American homes are chili powder, cinnamon, and seasoned salts
People who have eaten beetles say that it tastes like apples
Montreal was named after a local mountain "Mont Royal."
Kotex was first manufactured as bandages, during W.W.I
A rhinoceros horn is made of compacted hair
There is a muppet named Kami that appears on the South African version of the T.V. show "Sesame Street" that is HIV-positive
There are approximately one hundred million people in the United States that have a chronic illness
Columbia University is the second largest landowner in New York City, after the Catholic Church
Approximately three jars of peanut butter are sold every second
Every person has a unique tongue print
Hair will fall out faster on a person that is on a crash diet
Florida has twice as many lightning injuries and deaths than any other state
Chocolate can be fatal to dogs. Chocolate contains a chemical theobromine, which is poisonous to dogs
In China, there is a species of yam that is used to make a dye
Every continent begins and ends in the same letter. eg AfricA, EuropE
Baseball games between college teams have been played since the Civil War
The real name of actress Whoopi Goldberg is Caryn Elaine Johnson
Researches have discovered that eating five or more apples a week is linked to better functioning of the lungs
The most popular ethnic food in the United States is Italian food
If the population of China walked past you in single file, the line would never end because of the rate of reproduction
The YKK that you see on zippers stands for Yoshida Kogyo Kabushiki Kaisha which is the name of the founder of the zipper manufacturing company in Japan
The theme song of the Harlem Globetrotters is "Sweet Georgia Brown."
The name for insect poop is frass
Montreal is actually located on an island
Before toilet paper was invented, French royalty wiped their bottoms with fine linen
The earliest known example of an organized market for equities dates from Rome, second century B.C
Ten percent of the Russian government's income comes from the sale ofvodka.
Apples, not caffeine, are more efficient at waking you up in the morning
Levan, which is located in Utah, got its name from "navel" which is levan spelt backwards. It was named this because it is in the center of Utah
Approximately one out of four injuries by athletes involve the wrist and hand
Musk is extracted from the bottom of a civet, and is used as an ingredient to make perfumes.
Ancient Egyptians used to think having facial hair was an indication of personal neglect
In Czechhoslovakia, there is a church that has a chandelier made of human bones
The plastic things on the end of shoelaces are called aglets
The fleshy bulbs on each side of your nose are called the Alea (AY-lee) singular Ala (AY-luh)
Male koalas mark their territory by rubbing their chests on a tree. Male koalas have a dark scent gland in the middle of their chest
An octopus has three hearts
Buttermilk does not contain any butter, but is a cultured milk product which is usually made from fat free milk
Pineapples were first called "anana", which is Caribbean for "excellent fruit."
Human birth control pills work on gorillas
Alexander Graham Bell, the inventor of the telephone, never telephoned his wife or mother because they were both deaf
Alexander the Great made his troops eat onions as he believed it would prove their vitality
Bill Russell was the first black head coach of a major league pro sports team
The king of hearts is the only king without a mustache
Men can read smaller print than women; women can hear better
The first British ship to use the SOS distress signal was the Titanic
Studies have shown that the scent of Rosemary can help in better mental performance and make individuals feel more alert
The search engine Google got its name from the word "googol," which refers to the number one with a hundred zeros after it
Humans have about the same number of hair follicles as a chimpanzee has
Studies indicate that listening to music is good for digestion
The Chihuahua was named after the Mexican state where they were discovered
There are no snakes in New Zealand
The most popular grown bulbs are tulips
The country of Bolivia is named after a fighter Simon Bolivar
Peanuts are one of the ingredients of dynamite
The first state to give the right to women to vote was Wyoming
Archeologists report that cannabis was most likely the first plant cultivated by humans. Cannabis was used for linen, paper, and garments
The garfish has green bones
Women who drink more than two cups of coffee a day have a higher chance of developing osteoporosis
A yawn usually lasts for approximately six seconds
Thirty-five percent of the people who use personal ads for dating are already married
The food that people crave the most is cheese
Every day more money is printed for Monopoly than the US Treasury
The only animal, besides humans that can get leprosy is the Armadillo
The artist Vincent Van Gogh sliced part of his ear off in madness
According to Scientists, vampire bat saliva is the best known medicine for keeping blood from clotting.
People from North America prefer pickles with warts, where as Europeans prefer pickles with no warts
People that suffer from gum disease are twice as likely to have a stroke or heart attack
Actor Richard Gere was considered to play the role of John McClane in the movie Die Hard. Bruce Willis played the part instead
Tigers have striped skin, not just striped fur
Left-handed people are better at sports that require good spatial judgment and fast reaction, compared to right-handed individuals
Half of a cup of figs will give you just as much calcium as half a cup of milk
Walt Disney was afraid of mice
Studies show that couples that smoke during the time of conception have a higher chance of having a girl compared to couples that do not smoke
The reason why some people get a cowlick is because the growth of their hair is in a spiral pattern, which causes the hair to either stand straight up, or goes to a certain angle
Reno, Nevada is west of Los Angeles, California.
Unlike other four legged mammals, kangaroos cannot walk backwards
The itch from a mosquito bite can be soothed by cutting open a clove of garlic and rubbing it on the bite
Most American car horns honk in the key of F
A superstition in baseball is to never lend your bat to anyone or you will be jinxed
Bats always turn left when exiting a cave
There are species of fish that can walk on land in search of water when its water source dries up. Some can survive as long as three days on land such as the snakehead fish
Racecar driver Lee Petty once left a pitstop and did a full lap at Nascar with a pit crew member still on the hood
St. Patrick explained the Holy Trinity to King Laoghaire, using the shamrock to illustrate the trinity
More twins are born in the Western world than in the Eastern world
Nine egg yolks have been found in one chicken egg
The record for the longest Monopoly game played in a bathtub is ninety-nine hours
The reason why hair turns gray as we age is because the pigment cells in the hair follicle start to die, which is responsible for producing "melanin" which gives the hair colour
The word "vamp" is used to describe the upper front top of a shoe
Leonardo da Vinci was dyslexic, and he often wrote backwards
The male platypus has poisonous spurs on its legs
Canadians Scott Abbott and Chris Haney invented Trivial Pursuit. They were planning on playing Scrabble and realized that some of the pieces were missing so they came up with the idea of making their own game; Trivial Pursuit
A person uses approximately fifty-seven sheets of toilet paper each day
James Buchanan was the only unmarried president of the United States
The Stanley Cup originally was only seven and a half inches high
Some people drink the urine of pregnant women to build up their immune system
The five Olympic rings represent the five continents linked together in friendship
It is possible to lead a cow upstairs but not downstairs
Shark cartilage has been used to make artificial skin for human burn victims
The average adult has approximately six pounds of skin
A crocodile can open and close its jaw but cannot move it side to side
Thomas Jefferson had three achievements placed on his headstone at his request, "Here Was Buried Thomas Jefferson/Author Of The Declaration Of American Independence/Of The Statute Of Virginia For Religious Freedom/And Father Of The University of Virginia.? He never mentioned being President of the United States
Humans and cows have the same gestation period, which is about nine months
In the Victoria era, red tulips were a declaration of love
The sport Lacrosse was initially played by Native American Indians. They played the sport to prepare for war
It takes a sloth up to six days to digest the food it eats
According to Scandinavian traditions, if a boy and girl eat from the same loaf of bread, they are bound to fall in love
A bomb dropped by the Allies on Berlin during World War II killed every animal in the Berlin Zoo except the elephant, which escaped and roamed the city. When a Russian commander saw hungry Germans chasing the elephant and trying to kill it, he ordered his troops to protect it and shoot anyone who tried to kill it
The expression "Tying the Knot" comes from an old Roman custom where the brides clothes were tied up all in knots and the groom was supposed to untie the knots
Snake is a delicacy in China
The Dead Sea has been sinking for last several years
More pollution is emitted from the average home compared to the average car.
A man named Charles Osborne had the hiccups for approximately sixty-nine years
There are more Subway restaurants in Canada than there are McDonald restaurants
President Lyndon Johnson used to smoke three packs of cigarettes a day
The Tibetan name for Mount Everest is Chomolungma
The word "laser" stands for "Light Amplification by Stimulated Emission by radiation."
A person who smokes a pack of cigarettes a day will on average lose two teeth every ten years
Wasps that feed on ferment occasionally get drunk and pass out
The largest cereal company in the world is Quaker Oats, located in Cedar Rapids, Iowa, USA
The first Olympic games only had one event - a foot race
Some desert snails have been known to sleep for three to four years
From the age of thirty, humans gradually begin to shrink in size
Jackrabbits can reach a speed of fifty miles per hour and can leap as far as twenty feet
Early sewing machines were destroyed by mobs or workers who felt their jobs were threatened by automation
Someone gets divorced every ten to thirteen seconds
There is a certain type of Hawk Moth caterpillar from Brazil that inflates its thorax, which makes its head look like a head of a snake when it feels it is in danger or alarmed
The CIA has made a disk camera that is as big as a quarter. This gadget can take many pictures at a time when the disk is opened.
The Sanskrit word for "war" means "desire for more cows."
In Hong Kong, delivery times are primarily influenced by traffic conditions on elevators. It often takes drivers longer to travel vertically than horizontally, as access to elevators is so congested during "high peak" hours. This is due to the volume of people residing in high rises
The ancient Greeks had a fascination with the planet Mars. They attributed the planet to Ares, their god of war, because of its red colour
The only lizard that has a voice is the Gecko
In Israel, religious law forbids picking your nose on Sabbath
In twins, there is a great chance that one will be left handed
In the Pacific Islands when people get burns they often use a banana leaf as treatment
Acorns were used as a coffee substitute during the American Civil War
An airplane mechanic invented Slinky while he was playing with engine parts and realized the possible secondary use for the springs. Barbie was invented by Ruth Handler after watching her daughter play with baby dolls imagining then in grown up roles
When the female grasshopper lays eggs, she covers her eggs with a pasty liquid that protects the eggs throughout the winter
On average, an American makes three pounds of garbage in a day
Even if you eat food standing on your head, the food will still end up in your stomach
The most common name in the world is Mohammed
Apple seeds are poisonous as they contain a cyanide compound
The word breakfast was coined due to the fact that after sleeping for hours, we are "breaking our fast."
The cardigan was originally made to be a military jacket made of knitted wool
The month of December is the most popular month for weddings in the Philippines
The capital of Vermont, Montpelier is the only state capital in the United States that does not have a McDonalds
Our eyes are always the same size from birth, but our nose and ears. never stop growing
Milk and cheese can aid in the reduction of tooth decay
Coconuts kill more people in the world than sharks do
The average person spends two weeks of their life kissing
Eating a banana at night can help in falling asleep
The stapler was invented in Spring Valley, Minnesota.
The green ring that is formed around the yolk of eggs that have been cooked too long is formed by the chemical reaction from the iron in the yolk and the sulphur in the white part of the egg
The silk that is produced by spiders is stronger than steel
The first president to have a picture taken was John Quincy Adams
Some brands of toothpaste contain glycerin or glycerol, which is also an ingredient in antifreeze
It was during World War II that clothes with elastic waists were introduced. This is because the metal used in zippers was badly needed for the war
Hershey's Kisses are called that because the machine that makes themlooks like it's kissing the conveyor belt.
The fat from sheep, which is called tallow can be used to make soap and candles
Next to bone marrow, hair is the fastest growing tissue in the human body
Sigmund Freud had a morbid fear of ferns
In England, the Speaker of the House is not allowed to speak
The oil that is found in poison ivy is called "urushiol."
Of all the days of the week, the most popular day for people to eat ice cream is Sunday
A surfer once sued another surfer for "stealing his wave." The case was thrown out because the court was unable to put a price on "pain and suffering" endured by the surfer watching someone else ride "his" wave
Many people in parts of China eat insects. Some common insects are bean worms, scoprions, and locusts
The largest dog in the world is the Irish Wolfhound
Ernest Vincent Wright wrote a fifty thousand-word novel, "Gadsby," without any word containing the letter "e."
The projection light used for IMAX theaters can be seen from space.
Ballroom dancing is a course at Brigham Young University in Utah
The word "maverick" came into use after Samuel Maverick, a Texan, refused to brand his cattle. Eventually any unbranded calf became known as a Maverick
Finnish folklore states that when Santa comes to Finland to deliver gifts, he leaves his sleigh behind and rides on a goat named Ukko instead
The only poisonous birds in the world are the three species of Pitohui. The Hooded Pitohui from Papua New Guinea is the most deadliest out of the three
Pretzels were originally invented for Christian Lent. The twists of the pretzels are to resemble arms crossed in prayer
The American Airlines Center in Dallas has more toilets per capita than any other sports and entertainment venue in the country
The first modern toothbrush was invented in China. Its bristles came from hogs hair or the mane of a horse that were then put into ivory handles
The New Zealand Kiwi bird cannot fly
Heavier lemons produce more, and tastier, juice
The leading cause of poisoning for children under the age of six in the home is liquid dish soap
General William Booth is the founder of the Salvation Army
Iguanas can stay under water for up to thirty minutes
Egyptian pyramid builders used to eat a lot of garlic because they thought it would increase their strength
Every hour one billion cells in the body must be replaced
American actor Jack Nicholson, and American singer Bobby Darrin were raised believing their grandmothers were their mothers and their mothers were their older sisters
The first Ford cars had Dodge engines
One in five Americans move homes every year
The capital of Burkina Faso is Ouagadougou
A Russian man who wore a beard during the time of Peter the Great had to pay a special tax
The silkworm moth has lost the ability to fly ever since it has been domesticated
The first cheerleaders in the U.S. were men
The name Jeep came from the abbreviation used in the army for the "General Purpose" vehicle, G.P
Nose prints are used to identify dogs, much like humans use fingerprints
In the United States, six tubs of Cool Whip, a brand of whipping cream, are sold every second
White-Out was invented by Bette Nesmith Graham, who is the mother of Michael Nesmith from the "The Monkees."
The giant squid has the largest eyes in the world
Historically, a blue ribbon has been awarded for first prize
The original meaning of the word grocer was referring to a person who traded food in wholesale. These people would usually sell in large quantities, or by the "gross."
Research indicates that mosquitoes are attracted to people who have recently eaten bananas
Actress Michelle Pfeiffer was the first choice to play Clarice Starling in the movie "Silence of the Lambs." She turned down the role because she found it too scary
Due to the deforestation of the forests in North China, over one million tons of sands blows into Beijing from the Gobi desert. It sometimes causes the sky to turn yellow.
Cows are able to hear lower and higher frequencies better than human beings
The mating call of a male toadfish, who are underwater, is so loud that it can be heard by humans above water
The most popular jelly belly jellybean flavour is buttered popcorn
Slaves under the last emperors of China wore pigtails so they could be picked out quickly
A crocodile cannot stick its tongue out
Kiwis are the only known bird to have nostrils located at the tip of their beak
Telephonophobia is the fear of telephones
The word alligator comes from the Spanish word El Lagarto, which means "The Lizard."
While still in college, Bill Gates and Paul Allen once built a special purpose machine called "Traff-O-Data." It was a machine that would analyze information gathered by traffic monitors. They never found any buyers.
The citric acid found in lemon juice is said to be able to dissolve a pearl
Astronauts get taller when they are in space
It takes about three hours for food to be broken down in the human stomach
There is an organization called SCROOGE in Charlottesville, Virginia that stands for Society to Curtail Ridiculous, Outrageous, and Ostentatious Gift Exchanges. This was formed to keep gift giving affordable and simple
Archipelago is the word to describe a large group of islands that are located close together
A person who is a specialist in wine making is called an oenologist
The number one cause of rabies in the United States are bats
The music for "The Star Spangled Banner" comes from a British drinking song named "Anacreon."
Close to fifty percent of the bacteria in the mouth lives on the surface of our tongue
Ketchup originated in China as a pickled fish sauce called ke-tsiap
An ostrich's eye is bigger that it's brain.
In Britain, The Red Lion is the most common name for a pub
The majority of burglaries occur during the daytime when people are not home
Traditionally, wild cabbage was used as an aphrodisiac
Tiger Woods was introduced to golf at nine months of age by his father
Blue Jays can imitate the calls of hawks
There are over three trillion craters on the moon, with some being having a diameter over three feet
There is now an ATM at McMurdo Station in Antarctica, which has a winter population of two hundred people
In Canada, men are three times more likely than women to have seen a doctor in the last year
The most expensive spice in the world is saffron
Cows can detect odors up to five miles away
Arthur Giblin was the inventor of the first "flushable" toilet
Ancient Egyptians believed that onions would keep evil spirits away
If all the insects in the world were put on a scale, they would out weigh all creatures
Women smile more than men do
A ripe cranberry will bounce. Another name for a cranberry is bounceberry
The Romans used to clean themselves with olive oil since they did not have any soap. They would pour the oil on their bodies, and then use a strigil, which is type of blade, to scrape off any dirt along with the oil
The act of stretching and yawning is referred to as pandiculation
The only king without a moustache in a deck of cards is the king of hearts
Amish people do not believe in the use of aerosal air fresheners
The blind cavefish is born with eyes, but they fall off as the fish grows
In ancient Egypt, Priests plucked EVERY hair from their bodies including their eyebrows and eyelashes
The name for Oz in "The Wizard of Oz" was thought up when the creator, Frank Baum, looked at his filing cabinet and saw A-N, and O-Z, hence "Oz."
The town of Churchill, Manitoba, located in Canada, is known as the "Polar Bear Capital of the World"
Amtrak is the combination of the words "American" and "Track"
Fires onland generally move faster uphill than downhill
The cartoon character Popeye was actually based on a real person named Frank "Rocky" Fiegel who was a tough guy who was quite similar to Popeye physically
Frisbee got its name from William Russel Frisbee, who was a pie baker. He used to sell his pies in a thin tin pan, which had Frisbee written on it. When Walter Frederick Morrison thought of the idea of making saucer like disks to play catch, he visited the campus of Yale and noticed people there were using the pie pan to play catch so he therefore renamed his invention to Frisbee
Some arthritis medications contain gold salts, which is used as an anti-inflammatory
Lemon juice can aid in reducing the swelling caused by insect bites
LSD is made from lysergic acid, which is found in ergot, a type of fungus
Parrots cannot eat chocolate because it is poisonous to their body
Termites are roasted and eaten like popcorn in South Africa
The official state tree of Illinois is The White Oak
The state that has the most diners in the world is New Jersey, which is referred to as the "Diner Capital of the World."
If an identical twin grows up without having a certain tooth, the other twin will most likely also grow up with that tooth missing
According to legend, tea originated in China when tea leaves accidentally blew into a pot of boiling water
When you sneeze, all your bodily functions momentarily stop, including your heart
Kite flying is a professional sport in Thailand
Urine from men?s public urinals was sold as a commodity in Ancient Rome. It was used as a dye and for making clothes hard
New Mexico is known as the "Land of Enchantment."
Some of the other names that were thought of for the dwarfs in the Disney movie "Snow White" were Awful, Dirty, Shifty, Hotsy, and Jumpy
The reason the soft drink Dr Pepper is called that is because the inventor Wade Morrison named it after Dr. Charles Pepper who had given him his first job
Sex acts like a natural antihistamine, in can clear up a stuffy nose
Women on average live seven years longer than men do
A British term for slot machine is "fruit machine" or "one-armed bandit."
Most dust particles in your house are made from dead skin
Even though the rose does not bear any fruit, the rose hips have more Vitamin C than most vegetables and fruits
The first flavour of a cheese ball was called "Cheddy Blue."
Missouri has been to most NCAA tournaments than any other college without reaching the final four
Lake Malawi has the largest number of fish species in the world
The word "sophomore" means "sophisticated moron."
To tell if a egg is fully cooked or raw, just spin it. If the egg wobbles then it is still raw, and if it easily spins it is fully cooked
Used in art the word "sfumato" refers to the subtle blending of an outline by gradually blending one tone into another
There is a species of bird, Antpitta avis canis Ridgley, that barks like a dog
The reason why milk is white is because it contains a protein called Casein, which is white. Milk also contains fat, which is also white
When telephone companies first began hiring telephone operators, they chose teenage boys for the job. They switched to women because the teenage boys were wrestling instead of working and pulling pranks on callers
In a lifetime, the heart pumps about one million barrels of blood
The first words that Thomas A. Edison spoke into the phonograph were, "Mary had a little lamb."
It is impossible to sneeze with your eyes open
People still cut the cheese shortly after death
In ancient Egypt, the only person who was allowed to wear cotton was the High Priest
Blueberries have more antioxidents than any other fruit or vegetables
Bananas trees are not really trees. They are considered to be giant herb plants
Sponge Candy was invented in Buffalo, NY
Pearls are rarely found in North American oysters
Lake Nicaragua boasts the only fresh-water sharks in the entire world
Boxing champion Gene Tunney taught Shakespeare at Yale University
The most popular pickle is the Dill pickle
Cow is a Japanese brand of shaving foam
When the divorce rate goes up in the United States, toy makers report that the sale of toys also rise
Q-Tip Cotton Swabs were originally called Baby Gays
The Pacific island of Tonga once issued a stamp that was banana shaped
A mole can dig a tunnel three hundred feet long in a single night
The glue on Israeli postage stamps is certified kosher
The only commercial aircraft that is able to break the sound barrier is the Concorde.
In the early nineteenth century some advertisements claimed that riding the carousel was good for the circulation of blood
For the blockbuster movie "The Terminator," O.J. Simpson was considered to play the role of the Terminator, but producers did not choose him as they thought he would not be taken seriously
The sole purpose of a drone bee is to mate with the queen bee
There are more plastic flamingos in America than real ones
Walt Disney had a fear of mice
Cleopatra married two of her brothers
In an average lifetime, people spend four years traveling in cars and six months waiting for red light to turn green
At one time, pumpkins were recommended for removing freckles
Nylon is a man-made fibre that is made from coal and petroleum
When the First Lady, Eleanor Roosevelt, received an alarming number of threatening letters, soon after her husband became President at the height of the Depression, the Secret Service insisted that she carry a pistol in her purse
Swiss engineer George de Mestral, who got the idea after noticing burrs were sticking to his pants after his regular walks through the woods, invented Velcro.
Bees can communicate with other bees by dancing. Their dance can alert other bees as to which direction and the distance nectar and pollen is located
Nutmeg is extremely poisonous if injected intravenously
Passion fruits have a tranquilizing effect on the body
It is physically impossible for pigs to look up into the sky
"Dreamt" is the only English word that ends in the letters "mt"
There is a large brass statue of Winnie-the-Pooh in Lima, Peru
Centuries ago in India, a person could get their nose chopped off for breaking the law
The sound of E.T. walking was made by someone squishing her hands in Jello
The amount of blood a female mosquito drinks per serving is five millionths of a liter
The name of the squiggly line "~" is called a tilde
There are more Barbie dolls in Italy than there are Canadians in Canada
The study of ants is called Myrmecology
In the United States, you are more likely to be killed by a bee sting than a shark attack
Coca-Cola was the first soft drink to be consumed in outer space
Frozen food can be just as nutritious as fresh food
Fourteen people die each day from asthma in the United States
The Taj Mahal, located in Agra, India, was actually built for use as a tomb by Mogul ruler Shah Jehan for his wife, Arjuman Banu Begum
Spotted skunks do handstands before they spray
Scientists with high-speed cameras have discovered that rain drops are not tear shaped but rather look like hamburger buns.
Ancient Egyptian women used to wear perfume cones made of wax that would melt in the heat letting out a nice fragrance
Mardi Gras means "Fat Tuesday." This is the festival that New Orleans, Louisiana is famous for having every year
There was once a fish caught in Delaware Bay with a watch still ticking inside
In Singapore, it is illegal to sell or own chewing gum
During the female orgasm, endorphines are released, which are powerful painkillers. So headaches are in fact a bad excuse not to have sex
Donkeys kill more people annually than plane crashes
Every time Beethoven sat down to write music, he poured ice water over his head
Some species of dolphin sleep with one eye open
In ancient Egypt, doctors used jolts from the electric catfish to reduce the pain of arthritis
In order to scare away predators, Giant petrels, a type of seabird, throw up all over the intruder
Elvis Presley used to be a truck driver before he started singing
Just like fingerprints, every cats nose pad is different
Researchers have shot footage of Orcas (killer whales) attacking and killing great white sharks
The three most valuable brand names on earth: Marlboro, Coca Cola, and Budweiser, in that order
One bushel of wheat can make enough sandwiches that you could eat three sandwiches a day for over six months
Research indicates that people prefer the colour blue for their casual clothing
The first toilet being flushed in a motion picture was in the movie "Psycho."
One acre of wheat can produce enough bread to feed a family of four people for about ten years
Queen Victoria used marijuana, to help relieve menstrual cramp pain
On a ship a toilet is called a head
The thing that hangs from the top of the beak of a turkey is called the snood
Ticks can be as small as a grain of rice and grow to be as big as a marble
Most cows give more milk when they listen to music
Giant flying foxes, which are a type of bat, that live in Indonesia have wingspans of nearly six feet
Heavier lemons contain more and tastier juice
Oral-B is a combination of oral hygiene and the letter B, which stands for the word better
Both Thomas Jefferson and Jimmy Carter, U.S. presidents, were peanut farmers at one time
The Mexican version of the Tooth Fairy is known as the Tooth Mouse, which takes the tooth and leaves treasures in its place
Right-handed people live, on average, nine years longer than left-handed people do
Broccoli was first introduced into France during the royal marriage of Catherine de Medici to Henry II of France
The first female guest host of Saturday Night Live was actress Candace Bergen
Turkeys can have heart attacks. When the Air Force was conducting test runs and breaking the sound barrier, fields of turkeys dropped dead because of heart attacks
The act of sneezing is referred to as sternutation
A study revealed that men that were born with a low birth weight were less likely to get married
A leech can gorge itself up to a maximum of five times its body weight
There are places in Saskatchewan called Elbow, Eyebrow, and Drinkwater
The beeswax that is produced by Honey bees comes from eight paired glands that are located on the underside of their stomach
Lighthouse keepers were nicknamed "wickies" because they tended the lamps wick
During the Roman times, people used urine, called lotium in Latin, as a hair product
The company "Sony" was originally called "Totsuken." They felt the name "Sony" would be easier to pronounce. The name was invented by a cross between the name "sonus" and "sonny." The name sound and sonic are derived. Sonny was used to represent a young man or boy, which would show a energetic young company
The Red Cross is called the Red Crescent in Arab countries
The Olympics were originally held for the Greek god Zeus
Elvis Presley was obsessed with brushing his teeth
In-vitro babies are born in Australia more than any other country in the world
More people die from eating sharks then from being eaten by them. This is due to a poison in shark meat
The murder rate in the United States is about four times greater than in Japan. In Japan, no private citizen can buy a handgun legally
The reason why locusts swarm are because when they are in groups, a "hot-spot" behind their hind legs is stimulated, which in turn causes their destructive nature. A large swarm of locusts can eat eighty thousand tons of corn in a day
There are an equivalent number of cows and people in Friesland, Netherlands
Centipedes always have an uneven pairs of walking legs
A chicken once had its head cut off and survived for over eighteen months, headless
Following directions off the Internet and chemicals obtained from a mail order company, a team of U.S. scientists created an identical copy of the polio virus.
The skin of a shark is made up of "tiny teeth" which are called dermal denticles
The reason why bubbles are round is because this is the most efficient shape that the soap film can take for the amount of air trapped inside
It is very common for babies in New Zealand to sleep on sheepskins. This is to help them gain weight faster, and retain their body heat
Bats emit ultrasonic sounds to communicate with each other
Canola oil is actually rapeseed oil but the name was changed in Canada for marketing reasons
Three consecutive strikes in bowling is called a turkey
Children grow faster in the springtime than any other season during the year
Another name for licorice is "Sweet Wood" or "Spanish Juice."
Sharks are capable of surviving on average six weeks without eating. The record observed in an aquarium is fifteen months by a species of shark known as the "swell shark."
Frogs do not need to drink water as they absorb the water through their skin
A group of larks is called an exaltation
Men sweat more than women. This is because women can better regulate the amount of water they lose
Research has indicated that approximately eleven minutes are cut off the life of an average male smoker from each cigarette smoked
The triangular shape that Toblerone chocolates are packaged in, is protected by law
The formula for Coca-cola has never been patented
Before its name was changed, the African Penguin used be called the Jackass Penguin because of its donkey-like braying call
Pound for pound, leopards are said to be seven times stronger than humans
The movie that grossed the most money that was adapted from a T.V. cartoon is Scooby-Doo
There are five million scent receptors located in a human beings nose
When Coca-Cola was invented, American tourists that visited Spain were surprised to see that Coke was three times as expensive as a glass of brandy
Some silkworms can spin cocoons that contain more than two miles of silk
The mother of famous astronomer Johannes Kepler was accused of being a witch
At one time, Pumpkins were recommended for the removal of freckles and curing snake bites
The Eisenhower interstate system requires that one mile in every five must be straight. These straight sections are usable as airstrips in times of war or other emergencies
A ducks quack doesnt echo, and no one knows why
Caterpillar means "hairy cat" in Old French
The ostrich has two toes on each feet which gives it greater speed
Honorificabilitudinitatibus is the longest English word that consists strictly of alternating consonants and vowels
It can take up to a month for a rattlesnake to re-supply its venom
The word racecar and kayak are the same whether they are read left to right or right to left
An elephant can live up to the age of seventy, or in some cases even more
The giant squid has the largest eyes in the world
Elephants can't jump. Every other mammal can.
The name "cranberry" comes from German and Dutch settlers. The berry was intially called "crane berry." The reason it was called this was because when the flowers bloom, the petals of the flowers twist backwards and look very much like the head of a crane. Eventually the name was shortened down to be "cranberry."
In New Mexico, over eleven thousand people have visited a tortilla chip that appeared to have the face of Jesus Christ burned into it
The first toilet stall in a public washroom is the least likely to be used. It is also the cleanest
Printed on the tablet being held by the Statue of Liberty is July IV, MDCCLXXVI
Orville Wright, a pilot, was involved in the first aircraft accident. His passenger, a Frenchman, was killed.
The first company to mass produce teddy bears was the Ideal Toy Company
Brazil produces the most oranges in the world
Witchcraft means "Craft of the Wise Ones."
The desert tortoise can live without having to drink any water. It extracts the water it needs from the vegetation it eats
Elvis Presley had a twin brother named Jesse Garon Presley who died at birth
Bank robber John Dillinger played professional baseball
Research indicates that plants grow healthier when they are stroked.
France is known as the perfume capital of the world
According to psychologists, the shoe and the foot are the most common sources of sexual fetishism in Western society
Constipation is caused when too much water is absorbed in the large intestine and the feces become dry
Eating about twenty tart cherries a day could reduce inflammatory pain and headache pain
The big toe is the foot reflexology pressure point for the head
The sport of surfing originated in Hawaii
It is possible to lead a cow upstairs...but not downstairs
Tobacco kills more Americans each year than alcohol, cocaine, crack, heroin, homicide, suicide, car accidents, fire and AIDS combined
The best time for a person to buy shoes is in the afternoon. This is because the foot tends to swell a bit around this time
Dead cells in the body ultimately go to the kidneys for excretion
There are some species of snails that are venomous. Their venom can be fatal to humans
A turtle can breathe through its butt.
People of Ancient China believed that swinging your arms could cure a headache
The largest apple pie ever baked was forty by twenty three feet
Catfish have tastebuds located on their whiskers
The laundry detergent Tide, has a market share of about forty percent market
The only two days of the year in which there are no professional sports games (MLB, NBA, NHL, or NFL) are the day before and the day after the Major League all-stars Game
The Bible has been translated into Klingon.
Ian Fleming named his character "James Bond" after real-life ornithologist and author
Most dinosaurs walked on their toes.
There are mirrors on the moon. Astronauts left them so that laser beams could be bounced off of them from Earth. These beams help give us the distance to the moon give or take a few metres.
The U.S. army packs Tabasco pepper sauce in every ration kit that they give to soldiers
The trunk of an elephant can hold up to two gallons of water
When Scott Paper Co. first started manufacturing toilet paper they did not put their name on the product because of embarrassment
The highest point in Pennsylvania is lower than the lowest point inColorado.
Scientists have determined that having guilty feelings may actually damage your immune system
"Go." is the shortest complete sentence in the English language
Forty-one percent of women apply body and hand moisturizer at least three times a day
Pretzel that have no salt on them are called "baldies."
Monopoly is the best-selling board game in the world
A giraffe can go longer without water than a camel
Vikings, after killing their enemies, used their skulls as drinking vessels
Studies have shown that classical music helps cows produce more milk
Two out of five people end up marrying their first love
The name "Muppet" was coined by Jim Henson. The word was made from a combination of the word "marionette" and "puppet."
In the Sahara Desert, there is a town named Tidikelt, which did not receive a drop of rain for ten years
Mosquitoes are attracted to the color blue more than any other color
In Italy, Santa Claus is known by the name Babbo Natale
Families who do turn off the television during meals tend to eat healthier. This was regardless of family income, or education
American novelist Mark Twain was the first known author to submit a typed manuscript
Canada is the only country not to win a gold medal in the Summer Olympic games while hosting the event
The sound made by the toadfish when mating underwater is so loud that it can be heard by humans on the shore
Traveling by air is the safest means of transportation.
The most common injury caused by cosmetics is to the eye by a mascara wand
No NFL team which plays its home games in a domed stadium has ever won a Superbowl
Beluga whales which are also called "white whales" are not born white. They are born grey in color, and by the age of six become completely white
Tiger Woods is the first athlete to has been named "Sportsman of the Year" by magazine Sports Illustrated two times
The eight most popular foods to cause food allergies are: milk, eggs, wheat, peanuts, soy, tree nuts, fish, and shellfish
Club Direct, a travel insurance company in Britain, provides insurance plans for protection from falling coconuts
There are some bananas that are red instead of yellow
Only one out of every three people wash their hands when leaving a public bathroom
Every three seconds a baby is born somewhere in the world
The total mileage driven by all U-Haul trucks in a year is enough to move a person from the Earth to the moon five times a day for an entire year
The Eisenhower interstate system requires that one mile in every fivemust be straight. These straight sections are usable as airstrips intimes ofwar or other emergencies.
If you spray an antiseptic spray on a polar bear, its fur will turn purple
Butterflies taste with their feet
The phrase "rule of thumb" is derived from an old English law whichstated that you couldn't beat your wife with anything wider than yourthumb.
A fetus develops fingerprints at eighteen weeks
It takes about a half a gallon of water to cook macaroni, and about a gallon to clean the pot
The cornea is the only living tissue in the human body that does not contain any blood vessels
Sharks can sense a drop of blood from a mile away
As a defense mechanism, the North American Opossum closes its eyes and becomes totally limp. Basically it plays dead
A cesium atom in an atomic clock that beats over nine billion times a second.
The mythical Scottish town of Brigadoon appears for one day every one hundred years
The largest cultivated crop in the United States is corn
Walt Disney holds the record for the most Oscar nominations with sixty-four
On average, Americans eat one hundred acres of pizza a day. This amounts to about three hundred fifty slices per second
As an iceberg melts, it makes a fizzing sound because of the compressed air bubbles popping in the ice
Most toilets flush in E flat
Bile produced by the liver is responsible for making your feces a brownish, green colour
At one time the group "Grateful Dead" were called "The Warlocks."
People whose mouth has a narrow roof are more likely to snore. This is because they have less oxygen going through their nose
Dalmatian puppies do not have any spots on them when they are born. They actually develop them as they get older
Male goats will pee on each other in order to attract mates
The study of twins is known as gemellology
During one seven year period, Thomas Edison obtained approximately three hundred patents. In is whole life he obtained over one thousand patents.
In every episode of Seinfeld there is a Superman somewhere
The adult electric eel can produce a five hundred volt shock, which is enough to stun a horse
When the are in danger, kangaroos will beat the ground loudly with their hind feet
Actress Jamie Lee Curtis invented a special diaper for babies that has a pocket
Honeybees use the sun as a compass which helps them navigate
In gangster slang, a boxing match that is fixed is called a "barney."
